# FOP XSL-FO result factory
#### Prepares an XSLT transformation for generating PDF documents using XSL-FO.
Enables a normal XSLT transformation to generate PDF documents instead of XML, by using FOP XSL-FO.

Can be used in combination with <i>FOP XSL-FO result transformer</i> to generate PDF documents using Spring Integration's <i>XSLT transformer</i>.

#### Id
Name that uniquely identifies this flow component.

<i>Required</i>

#### Base URL
Specifies the base URL based on which relative URLs will be resolved. 

Default is the eMagiz working directory.

#### Break indent inheritance
Setting this option to <code>true</code> causes FOP to use an alternative rule set to determine text indents specified through margins, start-indent and end-indent. Many commercial FO implementations have chosen to break the XSL specification in this aspect. This option tries to mimic their behaviour. Please note that Apache FOP may still not behave exactly like those implementations either because FOP has not fully matched the desired behaviour and because the behaviour among the commercial implementations varies. The default for this option is to behave exactly like the specification describes.

Default is <code>false</code>.

#### Page height
Specifies the default height of a page if "auto" is specified for the value. 

Default is <code>11 inches</code>.

#### Page width
Specifies the default width of a page if "auto" is specified for the value. 

Default is <code>8.26 inches</code>.

#### Source resolution
Resolution in dpi (dots per inch) which is used internally to determine the pixel size for SVG images and bitmap images without resolution information. 

Default is <code>72</code> dpi.

#### Target resolution
Resolution in dpi (dots per inch) used to specify the output resolution for bitmap images generated by bitmap renderers (such as the TIFF renderer) and by bitmaps generated by Apache Batik for filter effects and such. 

Default is <code>72</code> dpi.

#### Strict configuration
Setting this option to <code>true</code> will cause FOP to strictly verify the contents of the FOP configuration file to ensure that defined resources (such as fonts and base URLs/directories) are valid and available to FOP. Any errors found will cause FOP to immediately raise an exception. 

Default is <code>false</code>.

#### Strict validation
Setting this option to <code>false</code> causes FOP to be more forgiving about XSL-FO validity, for example, you're allowed to specify a border on a region-body which is supported by some FO implementations but is non-standard. Note that such a border would currently have no effect in Apache FOP.

Default is <code>true</code>.

