Version 10.4.0, released 2020-08-21

Release that removes and deprecates flow components that – back in the day – proved to be quite useful, but nowadays are fallen out of use.

Minor changes
- Create - Flow designer: Removed the following legacy components from the flow designer:
	- Microflow invoking message consumer - This component needed Mendix 3 or 4 to function; for later Mendix versions this functionality was incorporated in the eMagiz Mendix Connector.
	- XML mapping message consumer - This component needed Mendix 3 or 4 to function; for later Mendix versions this functionality was incorporated in the eMagiz Mendix Connector.
	- ISO8583 bytes to XML transformer - This component was build to work in Java 6 / Spring 2 / non-OSGi environments and was no longer being used.
	- ISO8583 XML to bytes transformer - This component was build to work in Java 6 / Spring 2 / non-OSGi environments and was no longer being used.
	- Sonic caching connection factory - This component was build for SonicMQ 7.6, a product that is no longer supported.
	- Sonic connection factory - This component was build for SonicMQ 7.6, a product that is no longer supported.
	- WebSphere caching connection factory - This component was build for WebSphere MQ 7.1, a version that is no longer supported by IBM.
	- WebSphere connection factory - This component was build for WebSphere MQ 7.1, a version that is no longer supported by IBM.
	- JMS XML message converter - This component was created to make sending JMS messages to SonicMQ 7.6 easier and was no longer being used.
- Create - Flow designer: The 'parameter map to XML transformer' is now deprecated, in favour of using the '#requestParams' SpEL expression variable in your HTTP inbound gateway (or channel adapter) to access the HTTP request parameters.
- Create - Flow designer: added an alert to HornetQ pages explaining that HornetQ is no longer supported and has been replaced by Apache ActiveMQ Artemis (server) and Qpid JMS (client). Note that while this alert is new, Artemis+Qpid has been the recommended replacement for HornetQ-based flows since May 2019 and starting with build number 50 (July 1, 2020) it was no longer possible to deploy new versions of HornetQ-based flows.

Bug fixes
- Create - Flow designer: Changing a channel type to "rendez-vous channel" would prevent a flow from starting. These channels now work properly again.