Version 10.6.0, released 2020-09-18

Release that makes working with OAuth2 easier. Besides that, in Design phase, message definitions and data models load much faster. The check for missing properties in Deploy phase now also takes significantly less time. In addition, this release includes several improvements and tackles some minor issues.

Major changes
- Create - Flow designer: The 'REST template' component has a new 'OAuth2 authorization interceptor'. This interceptor improves the user experience when configuring 'HTTP outbound gateways' and 'HTTP outbound channel adapters' to access OAuth2 protected endpoints. This new OAuth2 solution also provides more features, such as options for persisting and re-using access tokens, and uses the latest versions of underlying technologies. Many OAuth2 use-cases that previously were not fully supported and required manually modelling a sequence of REST calls to authenticate should now work out-of-the-box.
- Create - Flow designer: The components 'OAuth2 REST template', 'OAuth2 resource', 'OAuth2 token advice' and 'OAuth2 redirect exception resolver' have been removed from the flow designer. Functionally these have been replaced by the new component mentioned above. Existing flows that were using these components have been migrated automatically.

Minor changes
- Design - Data models and message definitions: The performance of loading message definitions and data models is improved considerably.
- Deploy - Releases: Checking your environment for missing properties before deploying a release is much quicker.
- Multiple improvements to API gateway:
	- Design: OperationId is NOT required anymore, as neither te OpenAPI specification, nor the generated flows require it.
	- Create: When deleting the message definition from an exit flow completely, it will be recreated when you visit the flow again.
	- Create: Buttons in the bottom bar now also work when in the API gateway view.
	- Create: Improved the behaviour of the filters when switching between message bus and API gateway views.
- (Un)Transfer to Create: Several improvements to ensure that integrations cannot be broken when re-transferring integrations. As part of this, the "Undo flow"-button is now moved to the Components page of Create.
- Upgraded to Mendix 8.13.1
- Across the portal: several minor and textual improvements.
- Create - Flow Designer: A new field on FTP and SFTP components is available called 'strict reply parsing'. By default this is enabled. Disabling this means that (S)FTP servers not sending text after the 3 digit reply code will not be causing an exception.

Remarks
- A new build number is available (54), which includes a change that improves OAuth2 support. See the release notes for build number 54 for more details.