Release adding JSON support and the initial version of the Flow Designer.
# New features
- First version of the Flow Designer widget added, enabling PAAS users to view their configurations as a graphical flow. Note that this is still work in progress, so feedback is more than welcome!
- JSON support, using the Jackson Java JSON-processor library
- JSON to XML transformer
- XML to JSON transformer
- New theming for the PAAS, using the new eMagiz logo and colour scheme.
- Wizard publish web service added to the design time, making the publishing of a new web service (including configuring a working build-in Jetty web server) a lot easier.
- Partners can now view and download the eMagiz licenses of their customers in the PAAS.
- It's now possible to rename your configurations. Generated entity IDs will automatically be updated as well.
- The eMagiz runtime can now be downloaded from the PAAS, see the downloads section.
- Added functionality for PAAS administrators to see which users are online at any time.
- Added reports showing the overall usage of entities per category and/or type in the PAAS.
# Minor changes
- Changed application vendor from CAPE Systems Integration B.V. to Iris Enterprise Messaging B.V.
- Added loading bar to configuration export in PAAS (#6866) (##6866)
- Added configuration name, customer and description to the PAAS view form (#7115) (##7115)
- Removed save and cancel buttons from PAAS forms that are read-only (#7160) (##7160)
- Fixed overlapping support object text labels in flow designer (#7118) (##7118)
- You can change your preferences for the flow designer and localization options in the PAAS, see Administration > My account
- Added more documentation/help to design time forms
- Rearranged the layout of the HornetQ forms (in the design time) to make them more user friendly
- Added highlighting (in flow designer) of property placeholder for entities with placeholder values (#8730) and of top level poller for entities that depend on it (#7828) (##7828)
- Added more validation checks to design time forms
- When exporting a configuration from the PAAS, the suggested file name is now based on the configuration name instead of the description (#8455) (##8455)
# Bug fixes
- Typos fixed where XLS was used when XSL(T) was intended (#6415, #6416) (##6415, #6416)
- Corrected authorization issue preventing normal PAAS users from viewing the details of their customers (#7155) (##7155)
- Removed invalid options from Flat file to XML transformer (#6174) (##6174)
- Corrected some help texts (#6166, #7827) (##6166, #7827)
- Fixed issue with scrolling down in large forms (#5605) (##5605)
- Fixed form layout issue (#7826) (##7826)
- Fixed some rendering issues in flow designer (#7120, #7118) (##7120, #7118)
- Fixed XMPP presence to XML transformer not having a type (#8447) (##8447)
# Known issues
- See 3.0.0
