Release improving the options for error handling, adding support for additional Metacom authentication methods and miscellaneous improvements.
## New features
- In addition to the 'login' authentication method, the Metacom web service authentication methods 'login application' and 'static SID' are now also explicitly supported. (#100694)
- Added additional options to the 'error to XML transformer' for restoring the original message headers, making it possible to use this transformer in an error flow that "loops back" to the reply channel of an inbound gateway. See the help texts of this transformer for more information.
- The 'error to XML transformer' can now also handle byte payloads: previously such payloads (e.g. a JPG image or PDF document) couldn't be displayed in the eMagiz error message overview, but now these can be downloaded as a (binary) file.
- Added 'detailed SOAP fault message resolver': this new support object can be used to generate more detailed error messages in cases where calling an external web service results in a SOAP fault containing custom '<detail>' elements. (#102648)
## Minor changes
- Added support for logging events as produced by the future eMagiz OSGi runtime.
- Message history entries in eMagiz error (and tracking) XML messages now contain a 'position' attribute, allowing the correct sorting of these entries even when the timestamp is unreliable because of clock differences between servers. (#49531)
- Added an option to the 'XML mapping message consumer' to immediately logout the Mendix session after calling the XML mapping. From Mendix version 4.8 onwards, this can potentially prevent out-of-memory exceptions and improve (long term) performance in cases where messages are consumed faster than Mendix can automatically cleanup the sessions.
- When using the 'run-in-console.cmd' script to run eMagiz on Windows, the title of the window now shows the JVM name. This makes it a lot easier to identify the windows when running multiple eMagiz instances on the same computer, e.g. when testing a message bus on your laptop.
## Bug fixes
- Flows containing a JMS caching connection factory can now be imported into the flow designer again without causing errors.
