Release replacing the logging system and improving the SaaS functionality.
## New features
- Replaced the logging system, providing the following new logging options:
  - Old log files are now automatically zipped, resulting in a 90% reduction in size.
  - Stack traces now contain information about the library and version where the problem occurred, making it easier to locate the issue.
  - Better logging performance and memory usage.
  - Logs are now aware of the context they're running in, enabling the use of one single logging location for distributed applications.
- New version of the flow designer widget:
  - Uses 'ports' to visually indicate where channels can be connected to message handlers.
  - Supports deleting of components (by pressing the delete button on your keyboard).
- Added log appender channel adapter: an inbound channel adapter implementation for receiving logging events of the application and sending it to the output channel in the form of XML messages. These messages can then be send to eMagiz SaaS for example, to provide a central overview of the logs of all your eMagiz runtime instances.
- New version of eMagiz SaaS:
  - Added support for (real-time) importing and displaying of the logging events of eMagiz runtime instances from customers.
  - New user type client added. Clients are the customers of customers, and can be given access to maintain the code mappings for their own systems.
  - Numerous changes/fixes to the alerting and notifying systems.
## Minor changes
- Replaced logging libraries Apache Commons Logging and log4j with libraries SLF4J and Logback.
- Added custom eMagiz namespace handler and bean definition parsers, extending the Spring XML format.
- The context ID of a customer can now be changed by Partner Admin users (PaaS and SaaS).
- New version of the Sprintr feedback widget (PaaS and SaaS) that supports attachments when submitting feedback.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed an issue with the monitoring reports that caused application hangs on the client side (#20798). (##20798)
## Known issues
- In Google Chrome, pressing delete to remove messaging components in the flow designer widget only works when you first double click anywhere on the canvas before selecting the component you want to delete.
- See 3.3.0
