Release adding JDBC support, JMS request/reply behaviour and flow designer improvements.
## New features
- Added support for using databases as a message source/destination:
  - added JDBC inbound channel adapter: polls a database for messages using an SQL select query
  - added JDBC outbound channel adapter: writes messages to a database using an SQL update/insert query
  - added JDBC outbound gateway: executes an SQL query on a database based on a request message and returns a reply message
  - added BoneCP data source: a support object for managing JDBC database connections using efficient connection pooling
  - all databases with a suitable JDBC driver are supported; these include, but are not limited to: Apache Derby, DB2, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, Sybase.
- Extended the JMS support by adding the JMS inbound gateway and JMS outbound gateway, enabling request/reply messaging patterns to use JMS for message transport just like asynchronous messaging patterns.
- New version of the flow designer that contains a lot of usability improvements and bug fixes based on user feedback.
- Made the eMagiz Mendix runtime module (for Mendix 3.0.0 or higher) compatible with Mendix 4.
## Minor changes
- Added custom service activator: a message endpoint that can call any custom Java code for the message processing.
- Added concurrent user limitations to partner/customer accounts in eMagiz SaaS.
- When a new account is created in eMagiz SaaS, the account credentials will be send to the new user by e-mail.
- It's now possible to configure alerts based on the contents of logging events (eMagiz SaaS).
- The eMagiz runtime will now do a system check every 24 hours and write the result to the log. This can be useful for checking whether the process is actually still running solely based on the log information.
- Multiple alerting and notifying improvements (eMagiz SaaS), including the option to use message header information when defining alerts for error messages (this enables users to do "content based routing" of error message notifications).
- Cancelling a form in the flow designer didn't always close that form (#26161) (##26161)
## Bug fixes
- Fixed issues in the flat file to XML transformer form that could cause some settings to get 'lost' (#26438) (##26438)
- Deleting support objects from the flow designer now works correctly (#25735) (##25735)
## Known issues
- In certain scenarios the flow as shown in the flow designer doesn't exactly represent the actual current state of the message flow: in these cases a partner admin can reset the flow layout.
