Release with XSL-FO support, library/technology updates and a lot of usability improvements.
## New features
- Added support for generating PDF documents in an eMagiz message flow using the Apache FOP XSL-FO implementation. To use this feature, select a normal XSLT transformer but on the 'advanced' tab page reference a FOP result transformer and a FOP result factory (both are new support objects).
- The eMagiz Mendix runtime module now contains a cleanup tool that removes all files of older eMagiz versions that might still be present in your Mendix project. After you've upgraded the eMagiz runtime module to a newer version, run the emagiz-cleanup-tool.jar by double clicking it (located in the resources directory of your Mendix project) and follow the instructions.
- Added support for the use of multiple SSL client certificates in one eMagiz runtime (these are required for certain types of HTTPS connections), by giving the user the option to specify mappings between host names and the SSL certificates to use for these hosts.
- Resources used in your message flows (XSLTs, XSDs, etc) can now be uploaded and stored with the eMagiz configuration. When exporting a configuration for deployment, you can also download all resources of that configuration as one ZIP archive.
## Minor changes
- Library updates
  - Update to Spring Integration 2.1.3
  - Update to Spring Framework 3.1.2
  - Update to Spring Web Services 2.1.0
  - Update to SLF4J 1.6.6
  - Update to Jackson JSON 1.9.9
  - Update to Apache Commons Codec 1.6.0
  - Replaced library Commons HttpClient (end of life) with Apache HttpComponents
- Added HTTP request address extracting interceptor: a web service interceptor that can extract the IP address information from incoming web service requests and add this information in the form of message headers to the resulting message.
- Improved the styling of the eMagiz web application:
  - the application now works in Internet Explorer 9 (still, I'd recommend using the latest version of Google Chrome or Firefox)
  - reports now have the same look and feel as the rest of the application
  - the size of the flow designer now scales with your screen size, removing the weird scrollbars that were sometimes visible (this also solves issue #25863) (##25863)
- All dates and times in the eMagiz web application are now shown as UTC times. Before this change, some dates/times were localized, others used UTC, and others used server time ("Europe/Amsterdam"). To make this less confusing and to make it work internationally, everything is now standardized to UTC times.
- Monitoring data is now automatically aggregated after some period of time to reduce the total data size:
  - after 30 days, the metrics per minute are aggregated into hours
  - after 3 months, the metrics per hour are aggregated into days
  - after 1 year, the metrics per day are aggregated into months
- On all edit forms in the flow designer, a refresh button is added. Now you can leave an edit form open, create another component in the flow (e.g. a support object), press the refresh button and select the newly created component in a reference selector without having to cancel any changes you've already made.
- Monitoring alerts now can trigger a "state change", i.e. the alert is "on" or "off". This way you can let the system send notifications only when the state changes (e.g. "the server is down" and "the server is up again"), instead of repeatedly sending the same message.
- Added the option to trigger alerts based on the number of logging events received from a JVM. This can be useful to detect an application that is no longer running correctly (no logging events received during a certain period) or that is having some runtime problems (more logging events received during a certain period than normally can be expected).
## Bug fixes
- The flow designer no longer "stops working" for existing flows when a newer version is deployed
- The flow designer should now correctly show all the message flow components, even when the flow has been changed outside of the flow designer
- Removed a few illegal characters from the random password generator for web service user accounts (#27009, #26176) (##27009, #26176)
- Fixed an issue preventing users from changing their password in certain situations (#25854) (##25854)
## Known issues
- after working with the flow designer for some time, your internet browser will consume a lot of memory and will slow down noticably; opening the flow designer in a new tab page and closing the old one frees the memory and will speed things up again
- See 3.5.0
