# Runtime release notes
Second maintenance release in the eMagiz 3.7.x line.
## Minor changes
- Added new property reconnect on failover to JMS caching connection factory, which can be used to suppress client side reconnection attempts when a successful failover on the server side has occurred.
- Added two new embedded XSLTs for common operations on web service messages (extracting the message from the request and generating an 'empty' response).

# Portal release notes
Release with the new cron trigger helper and improved poller functionality
## New features
- Added a cron trigger helper that generates cron triggers for a poller.
- Added the possibility to copy properties from one JVM to another. (#33840) (##33840)
## Minor changes
- Changed the way pollers work on inbound adapters. When creating an inbound adapter the uses default poller property is now unmarked by default. (#25864, #24139, #24790) (##25864, #24139, #24790)
- Extended multiple help texts.
- Dragged objects no longer need to be opened to be saved.
- Changed the control point of a channel from rectangular to round.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed a bug that corrupted fixed length tokenizers when opening a flow that contained them. (#38866) (##38866)
- Fixed a security issue that made partner employees unable to change/manage customer employees. (#38138) (##38138)
- Filename generator expression is now mutually exclusive with a filename generator support object.
- Fixed an issue where deleting a channel would not be shown in the flow designer, while it actualy was deleted.
- The changed by property of a configuration will no longer be set when using the cancel button.
