# Runtime release notes
Release with XPath extension functions, Linux daemon support and library/technology updates.
## New features
- Added the following XPath extension functions for use in XSLT stylesheets to handle date/time formatting/parsing and timezone conversions (see the documentation how to use these functions):
  - parse-dateTime
  - parse-date
  - parse-time
  - format-dateTime
  - format-date
  - format-time
  - remove-timezone-from-dateTime
  - remove-timezone-from-date
  - remove-timezone-from-time
  - adjust-dateTime-to-timezone
  - adjust-date-to-timezone
  - adjust-time-to-timezone
  - override-timezone-of-dateTime
  - override-timezone-of-date
  - override-timezone-of-time
- Added support for running eMagiz as a Linux daemon process; see the documentation for instructions on installation and usage.
- Added support for reply listener on the JMS outbound gateway, providing a number of performance benefits as well as alleviating a potential cached consumer memory utilization problem. For backwards compatibility the default behaviour of the JMS outbound gateway hasn't changed, but it's highly recommended to use this new feature (see also the documentation in the flow designer for performance considerations).
## Minor changes
- Update to Spring Integration 2.2.1
- Update to Spring Framework 3.2.1
- Update to Spring Web Services 2.1.2
- Switched to the versionless Spring XML schemas, improving backwards compatibility.
- Changed property restore headers of the error to XML transformer from a boolean to an enumeration with three options: restore all headers, restore serializable headers only and do not restore headers.

# Portal release notes
Release of message bus component generation and a new runtime
## New features
- Added message bus support (see message bus menu item).
  - Supports both asynchronous ("send and forget") and synchronous ("request/response") messaging
  - JMS infrastructure is fully generated and works out of the box with good default values
  - Supports load balancing of message processing, failover of JMS servers and clustered JMS queues
  - Guides the user by automatically applying naming conventions and best practices
  - Generates deployment packages containing all message flows and resources for each deployment container
## Minor changes
- Change TTL of login session to 1 hour (#41993) (##41993)
- Fixed validation on all inbound-adapter forms.
- Changed sorting on JVM drop downs to sort alphabetically on all monitoring pages. (#38818) (##38818)
