Release adding Amazon S3 authentication support and a transformer for replacing specific Unicode characters in text messages.
## New features
- Added support for Amazon Simple Storage Service authentication to (custom) REST templates. Using such a REST template in combination with a HTTP outbound gateway will add Amazon S3 authentication to the HTTP requests.
- Added new component "character replacing transformer": a transformer that can replace specific Unicode code points (such as control characters) in string payloads.
## Minor changes
- Updated the mapping service gateway to use version 3.0 of the interface: this version adds the runtime name as an additional (required) input parameter, allowing code mappings to be queried on a message bus level instead of a company level.
- Auto-start of flows now works as expected even when there was a crash during the previous startup.
- Updated to Equinox version 3.10.100.
- On the eMagiz command prompt, all subsystem commands now fully support tab-completion.
## Bug fixes
- Protocol "SSLv2Hello" has been completely disabled again.
- The log appender channel adapter now correctly ignores internal (OSGi) events.
- Fixed an issue that could cause errors when trying to use mapping service gateways or XSLT extension gateways.
## Remarks
- Due to the update to mapping service version 3.0, all existing flows calling the eMagiz iPaaS mapping services need to be updated before deploying them on this new runtime. In a standard eMagiz message bus this simply means deleting and auto-generating the container infra flow; no other flows are affected. Any custom build integrations with this service need to change the version number from 2.0 to 3.0 in both the namespace URI and the web service URL.
