Release with retry behaviour, support for UTF with BOM, HTTPS web service hosting, new JMS features and library/technology updates.
## New features
Added support for customers to manage their own flows. This will have to be enabled separatly per customer and customer employee.
Added XML definition module:
With the new XML definition module it becomes possible to create a graphical representation of your XML schema. You can create a new definition under the resources tab.
XML mapping module :
The XML mapping module allows you to map different schema's, resulting in a transformation from one xml message into another. You can create a new mapping under the resources tab.
Added support for exporting separate flows as deployment package
Non bus flows can now be copied in the designer overview.
Flow designer:
Added a context menu when right-clicking on endpoints.
Added possibility to flip endpoints horizontally.
Mobile:
Added a mobile monitoring dashboard, that allows customers to monitor their JVM's live on their mobile phone. The dashboard can be found on https://my.emagiz.com/index-mobile.html
## Minor changes
- Changes to HornetQ settings:
  - Cluster connection configuration:
    - Added new property call failover timeout
    - Added new property cluster notification interval
    - Added new property cluster notification attempts
  - HornetQ server configuration:
    - Removed property clustered (a server is now automatically "clustered" when it has at least one cluster connection configuration)
    - Removed property live connector name (backup servers now automatically locate live servers using their cluster connection; this behaviour can be influenced by specifying a backup group name)
    - Removed property log delegate factory class name
    - Added new property check for live server
    - Added new property backup group name
    - Added new property replication clustername
  - Address settings:
    - Added new property redelivery multiplier
    - Added new property max redelivery delay
    - Added new property expiry delay
  - Netty acceptor transport configuration:
   - Added new property need client auth
  - Netty connector transport configuration:
    - Added new property local address
    - Added new property local port
    - Added new property trust store path
    - Added new property trust store password
    - Added new property connect timeout
    - Added new property use NIO global worker pool
   - HornetQ connection factory:
    - Added new property call failover timeout
- Added new property message tracking security by systems to customers.
- Added export to csv button on the error log overview (#43232) (##43232)
- We will now warn you when you try to create an employee for a customer with concurrent users set to 0. (#43508) (##43508)
- Flowdesigner:
  - Added possibility to connect channels to router components by means of drag and drop.
  - Added error channel icon to inbound channel adapters.
- Added a new feedback widget allowing you to directly create and upload a screenshot.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed a security issue that prevented saving changes to customer employees (#43586) (##43586)
- Channels that are not connected to any object should no longer be invisible. (#24432) (##24432)
- Endpoints should no longer increase in size when dropping them on top of another endopoint (#25752) (##25752)
- Fixed an issue that kept error messages in the error console eventhough these were solved.(#38884) (##38884)
- Fixed a bug that caused javascript to loop infinitly.
- Added a refresh on load to the component list tab, which causes it to update if components are created from the flow designer. (#37529) (##37529)
- Fixed an issue with the flat-file-to-xml-transformer that did not remove white spaces correctly from the name/column fields (#41128) (##41128)
## Known issues
- Removing flows with definitions is not possible due to an security bug. A work arround is to remove the resources of this flow separatly and then remove the flow.
- Copying flows will currently not copy the used mappings or transformations, these will have to be recreated/imported to add them to your copy.
- Mobile users are not properly redirected to index-mobile.html, to visit the mobile dashboard please go to the url directly https://my.emagiz.com/index-mobile.html.
