Release mainly focusing on usability improvement for the bus wizard, XML definitions/mappings and the flow designer.
## New features
- It's now possible to delete message flows from a message bus, including the associated connectors and message queues.
- Added the option to search in the component list of the flow designer. (#26084) (##26084)
- XML definitions can now be marked as being global, enabling definitions to be reused in multiple message flows. (#47448) (##47448)
- Added new component standard inbound channel adapter: with this inbound channel adapter you can easily schedule sending of (static) messages to a particular channel, which can be used to create a web service polling message flow for example.
- When changing an existing XML definition, XML mappings that use this definition as the input or output are now updated as well.
- Added the option to automatically generate an XML definition for the output of a flat file to XML transformer.
## Minor changes
- Added an option to customers to configure wether that customer wants to restrict access for its users on a system level or not (#43979) (##43979)
- Resources can now be edited directly from the resource overview (#47336) (##47336)
- Customer administrators can now download resources (#47343) (##47343)
- When creating large amounts of CDM codes (1000+), reference selectors that display them now switch from using a dropdown to a selection form to prevent only being able to select the first 1000 options (#49324) (##49324)
- Added an option to the bus wizard where you can indicate that you're going to use self-signed certificates for the TCP/SSL connections, in which case properties for specifying the client side trust stores are generated automatically (#48400) (##48400)
- Miscellaneous user interface improvements based on the user feedback (#47279, #36839, #47285, #47956, #47980, #46866, #47946, #47940) (##47279, #36839, #47285, #47956, #47980, #46866, #47946, #47940)
## Bug fixes
- Fixed a security issue with removing resources (#47956) (##47956)
- Fixed an issue where special characters in the code mappings where not correctly preserved when using the web service interface (#49543) (##49543)
- Datatype icons in definitions and mappings are now updated correctly when changing the datatype (#47277) (##47277)
- Failure to add a new component now results in an error message (#43031) (##43031)
- Fixed an issue that displayed the wrong amount when deleting a single channel (#48394) (##48394)
- Fixed a case where router output channels were drawn incorrectly (#48347) (##48347)
- Fixed an issue that prevented message tracking events from being associated with the correct customer.
