# Runtime release notes (3.14.0)
Release adding support for writing EDI messages and preparing for the future OSGi runtime.
## New features
- Added the 'XML to EDI transformer', which can generate (custom) EDI messages from XML
- Added the 'XML to UN/EDIFACT transformer', which can generated UN/EDIFACT interchanges from XML
## Minor changes
- Update to BoneCP 0.8.0
- Update to Google Guava 15.0.0
- Changes in preparation of the future OSGi runtime, affecting the following components:
  - HornetQ JMS server
  - Mendix FileDocument WS request transformer
  - AppService components
  - XSL-FO components
  - Log appender channel adapter
  - OAuth 2.0 components

# Portal release notes (5.10.0)
Release with a new user permissions system, support for writing EDI messages and various user interface improvements.
## New features
- Completely overhauled the user permissions system. All users (of both partners and customers) can now be given separate permissions for capturing requirements, designing flows and managing flows.
  - All existing partner employees can now capture requirements, design flows and manage flows, but a partner administrator can limit this if required.
  - All existing customer employees can now only manage flows, but a partner/customer administrator can change this.
  - For existing client employees nothing has changed.
  - eMagiz employees now also have accounts, so they can for example answer questions on the forum. (#33265, 75804, 33129)
  - This also solves some issues where users could see "empty lines" or incorrect objects in data grids, or couldn't save user accounts. (#73945, 75680, 81502, 80884, 80468, 80468, 81974, 82015, 82026, 82033)
- Added checks and icons to visually indicate whether requirements are connected to a flow, and whether a flow is missing its requirements. (#77959, 77963)
- Added support for "form qualified/unqualified" to XML definitions. (#71873)
- Added the following components for handling EDI messages:
  - XML to UN/EDIFACT transformer: converts XML messages into UN/EDIFACT interchanges
  - XML to EDI transformer: converts XML messages into custom EDI formats
## Minor changes
- Parameter selectors of monitoring reports now only shows options that actually contain data. (#82309, 81978, 81979)
- When specifying a code mapping in an XML transformation, you can now select the system and code type from a list instead of typing them manually. (#75619)
- When you successfully reset your password using the "forgot password" functionality, this will now also unblock your account (accounts get blocked when entering the wrong password 3 times or more in a row). (#79819)
- When the message bus wizard generates an infrastructure flow, it will now include a "spam filter" for filtering out unwanted logging events.
- Various small improvements/changes in the user interface. (#75693, 75020, 77560, 77024, 72399, 75846, 75932, 78101, 76508, 77003, 77719, 81458, 80345, 79806, 78600, 81963, 82062, 81970, 82040)
## Bug fixes
- Redesigned the forms of the following components, fixing some user interface problems:
  - XML to flat file transformer (#73648, 68156, 70698, 73068, 72798, 73065, 73384)
  - Flat file to XML transformer (#72876, 71858)
  - File item reader message source (#66149, 72143, 72719, 81789)
- When mapping fields of type date, time or dateTime in an XML transformation, these data types are now correctly converted if required. (#75139)
- Various fixes in the XML transformer. (#71318, 74233)
## Known issues
- The parameter selectors of monitoring reports immediately disappear after opening the report: this issue only happens when using the latest version of Chrome in combination with certain operating systems (happens in Windows 7 and iOS, but not in Windows Vista).
