# Runtime release notes (3.14.0)
Release adding support for writing EDI messages and preparing for the future OSGi runtime.
## New features
- Added the 'XML to EDI transformer', which can generate (custom) EDI messages from XML
- Added the 'XML to UN/EDIFACT transformer', which can generated UN/EDIFACT interchanges from XML
## Minor changes
- Update to BoneCP 0.8.0
- Update to Google Guava 15.0.0
- Changes in preparation of the future OSGi runtime, affecting the following components:
  - HornetQ JMS server
  - Mendix FileDocument WS request transformer
  - AppService components
  - XSL-FO components
  - Log appender channel adapter
  - OAuth 2.0 components

# Portal release notes (5.11.0)
Release that inludes vesioning and read only mode for flows.
## New features
- Included versioning for flows. Modelers can now number their flows to give them more info on which flow they are running.
- Added read only mode to flows. This allows modelers to demo flows without having to worry about modifying them.
- Added support for SOAP version 1.2 web services. (#85544)
- Copy mapping from production to acceptation. (#66092)
## Minor changes
- Flowmanager can create, edit and delete CDM codes again (#258053)
- Added 'edited by' if a forum post is edited by another user. (#81108)
- Improved property management.
  - You can now copy properties to other jvm's (#78594)
- During import of a definition you are now able to mark it as external definition this allows you to use it as base for transformations but block it for any changes. (#78902)
## Bug fixes
- Changing a question will put it on top again. (#82213)
- Avatar is now saved when creating/editing employees (#82815)
- Many small UI changes. (#78812,81945,82213,82527,83796,83871,83857,86424)
- Variable date(time) are now exported correctly (#81942)
