# Runtime release notes (3.15.0)
Release improving the support for enriching XML messages with data obtained from another source.
## New features
- Added the 'XSLT extension gateway': this component can be called from an XSLT transformer by using the new 'ezx:call-xslt-extension-gateway(...)' function. This allows users to model how and where to obtain the data needed for enriching their XML messages, using the 'normal' eMagiz flow components they are already familiar with.
  - Note that currently it is only possible to use this new functionality if you manually create the XSLT. In a next release of eMagiz, this process will be fully supported by the designer.
## Minor changes
- Added an 'update' button to the eMagiz Mendix runtime, allowing users to update an existing configuration with a newer version. (Previously, you had to delete the old configuration, import the newer version and redo the settings.)
## Bug fixes
- In the eMagiz Mendix runtime, the 'auto-load all' and 'unload all' actions now run asynchronously in order to prevent time-out errors.

# Portal release notes (5.12.0)
New release that completly revises resource management, adds the possibily to call flow functionality from within xslt's and improves the definition editor.
## New features
- Definition editor
  - Added support for the any attribute: This allows you to create definitions for complex xml structures. (#50825)
  - Added support for enumeration values of elements (#91627)
  - You can now declare qualified/unqualified on elements. (#76497)
- Double clicking an element in the transformation editor now selects the element. (#79333,56803,63968)
- Added XSLT extension gateway: Allows you to call flow functionality from within an xslt.
## Major changes
- Resource management
  - Resources of a message bus are no longer exported to subfolders (#72877)
  - Resources are now exported uniquely by providing them with a prefix (#76028)
  - Global resources are replaced by a system that lets you select resources used within a message bus or other resources of the customer (#68487,68706)
  - Resources can now be selected or created more easily from within your flow. (#47557,47556)
  - Definition and transformations are now available directly as menu item. (#77502)
  - Changed the resource types to: XML definition, XML transformation, W3C XML schema, W3C XSLT, Truststore, Keystore, Other
  - Resources can now be managed from within a message bus.
## Minor changes
- Exported xml definitions have a fixed order of exporting the element attributes: name, type, minOccurs, maxOccurs, form (#67907)
- Renamed XML Mapping 'Field' and 'Element' to 'Attribute' and 'Entity'. (#60043)
- Updated about eMagiz. (#65824)
- Monitoring and logging data from the (far) future will be ignored. (#79893)
- Added proxy details to the capture requirements questionnaire. (#82071)
- The documentation tab colors red when no documentation is added. (#82214)
- Added a signature to the notifications. (#86489)
## Bug fixes
- XML transformation editor
  - You are now able to delete filtered elements. (#68155)
  - Changing the alias of filtered elements now updates the mapping accordingly (#75604)
  - Default timezone is now set to the one selected, instead to Europe/Amsterdam. (#76496)
  - Added a cancel button to the new variable form. (#67588)
  - Transformations based on imported definitions should no longer require to change the element types from build-in to only for this attribute. (#76495)
- Order of exported elements should no longer differ from the graphical representation. (#70143)
- Fixed an issue where pressing start editing gave an error that stated the flow is locked by yourself. (#89092)
- eMagiz Admin should no longer have two edit/delete buttons in the Q&A section. (#84132)
- Otherwise in choose now updates correctly when changing static values (#80726)
- Fixed the count of unanswered questions. (#82913)
- Proxy webservice message sender no longer requires credentials. (#82069)
- Fixed an issue that caused an error when Changing the number of nodes in a cluster of an existing message bus.
- Many more UI improvments. (#86998,87271,87052,87428,88467)
- Fixed next working day function in the transformation editor. (#86462)
- Fixed an issue where the select requirements form did not render completly (#87774)
- Fixed left justification for xml to flat file transformer (#88096)
- Exporting the deployment package should no longer throw an error. (#87604)
