# Runtime release notes (3.16.0)
Release adding support for custom SSL settings when calling web services.
## New features
- Added new support object 'SSL web service message sender', which enables users to customize the SSL settings of web service calls.

# Portal release notes (5.13.0)
Release that adds support for (custom) extensions to XML transformations and contains many usability improvements and fixes.
## New features
- Notification triggers that check for missing monitoring data measurements no longer trigger when eMagiz iPaaS is restarted for deployments. This should prevent the sending of multiple "false positive" notifications in these situations. (#67472)
- Customer employees and partner employees now can be set to inactive by their admin. (#94703)
  - Inactive employees won't be calculated in the user role limit. (#94706)
- Notifications are now sent as one e-mail with all the recipients as BCC. If you prefer, you can also choose to send the e-mail to all recipients directly. (#96237)
- Multiple notification triggers can now be disabled/enabled at the same time. (#93292)
- The XML transformation editor now fully supports extensions through the "XSLT extension gateway" introduced in the previous release. With this functionality you can for example retrieve additional data from an external system during a transformation, or apply some custom XSLT logic on parts of your message.
## Minor changes
- Notification e-mails now contain the whole stracktrace. (#82316)
- All documentation links in the flowdesigner are now moved to the help text. The help text window now closes though the close button. (#84935)
- Added search option to Message type overview. (#88158)
- Updated the "resource is still in use error message". The message now displays where the resource is still in use. (#91727, 91807, 91469, 93386)
- Various resource management fixes. (# )
- Resource name now changes when another file is uploaded to a existing resource. (#73636)
- Removed global resource state. (#64120, 68725)
- Added searchfields to requirements overview. (#91816)
- Requirements can be linked to a flow when not in editing mode. (#90175)
- Various Requirement PDF fixes. (# )
  - PDF now contains the display name. (#91924, 92313, 89034)
  - Added alert and notification information (#93261, 95788)
  - Added message type information (#93260)
  - Requirement and PDF now can contain images. (#93190)
- Requirements error messages and Hardware security specifications are now defined project wide. (#92235, 92237)
- Notifications can now be searced on customer and tag. (#92477)
- When a resource that isn't used anywhere else is removed from a flow you will get the option to delete the resource. (#92465)
- Moved major change up in the release notes. (#92395)
- Flat file to Xml Transformer now shows more than 5 pattern mathing line mapper. (#89977)
- Maximal length of a comment is set to 140 characters. (#91359)
- Error Message Trigger, Logging Event Trigger and Monitoring Data Trigger now have multi remove in the output (select tag) tab. (#89213)
- Integration of a requirement now contains additional information of a message type. (#93184)
- When making a new integration in requirements both the in and out systems are optional (only one is needed). (#93180)
- Requirements, message type now has an description input field. (#93154)
- Changed resource open to edit in flowdesigner objects. (#92932)
- Changed JVM dropdown list to input field. (#94412)
- Error message now contains Caused by message. (#89805)
- Hovering on a graph point now display the value of that point. (#93664)
- Information text now is colored red when inserting the wrong login information. (#92964)
- Added selectable resource to JMS server manager. (#95229)
- Flow designer read only are added to user role report. (#95343)
- The XML transformation editor now also supports XML documents that only contain one element, for example a string message "wrapped" as XML. (#94054)
- The XML transformation editor now supports passing parameters from the message flow to the transformation. (#82844)
## Bug fixes
- Fixed select recipients in Notifications. (#65713, 90592)
  - Customer admin's can now be selected in select recipients screen. (#69534)
- Prospects are now linked to a Partner. (#88435)
- Graphs and statistics work again in Chrome 35.0.1916.153 (#85828, 85630)
- A requirements now has a Prospect or a Customer. (#92311)
- Changed requirements integration wizard logic. The wizard now skips when the first page is empty and a field on another page is filled in. (#93253)
- Requirements, select message type now works like it should. (#93198)
- QnA who might know is now filled correctly. (#92932)
- Resource changed date doesn't get updated when exporting a flow or a message bus. (#93319)
- Customer employee's can't be created when it has a flow manager role and that user role limit is reached. (#89345)
- eMagiz employees now have the rights to see the Error message screen. (#95781, 95782)
- Requirements, alerts now is linked to only one project. (#95784, 95786)
- Customer and Partner employees now can be deleted again. (#95526, 96272)
- Adding a comment to QnA now updates the last activity date. (#91489)
- Fixed an issue where under certain conditions, the namespace of the root element was missing in XML transformations. (#93002)
