Release that allows the mapper to be used for the XSLT extension gateway and some smaller bug fixes.
## New features
- Allow (partial) extractions of xsd definitions. (#101360,)
- Select gateways in the mapper to enrich your message with multiple sources. (#101216)
- Added a link to error messages allowing users to quickly move from their mail to the source. (#20306,51244)
## Minor changes
- Dropping a message will now result in an error message in the log file. (#90876)
- Transformations now exclude all non used namespace prefixes. (#83347)
- Base64 decoding transformer now has the option to produce string messages (in addition to byte messages).
- New option 'max saved replicated journals size' added to HornetQ JMS server settings.
- New option 'reconnect attempts on same node' added to HornetQ bridge settings.
## Bug fixes
- eMagiz users will no longer receive an error when viewing the error messages. (#97646)
- Resources will no longer have their changed date set when exporting them. (#68853)
- Changing a global type in your definition should now update the type in the mapping accordingly. (#92476)
- Booleans are no longer exported as (true) but instead as true() (#83130)
- Fixed an issue where you saw two xpath fields in a transformation (#93782)
- Variables are now exported in correct order (#54631)
- Flow designer now redraws uncompleted objects when they have an interceptor (#92554)
- Attributes can no longer be placed below the definition (#100182)
- Exporting a transformation no longer duplicates variables. (#100129)
