# Runtime release notes
Release improving the options for error handling, adding support for additional Metacom authentication methods and miscellaneous improvements.
## New features
- In addition to the 'login' authentication method, the Metacom web service authentication methods 'login application' and 'static SID' are now also explicitly supported. (#100694)
- Added additional options to the 'error to XML transformer' for restoring the original message headers, making it possible to use this transformer in an error flow that "loops back" to the reply channel of an inbound gateway. See the help texts of this transformer for more information.
- The 'error to XML transformer' can now also handle byte payloads: previously such payloads (e.g. a JPG image or PDF document) couldn't be displayed in the eMagiz error message overview, but now these can be downloaded as a (binary) file.
- Added 'detailed SOAP fault message resolver': this new support object can be used to generate more detailed error messages in cases where calling an external web service results in a SOAP fault containing custom '<detail>' elements. (#102648)
## Minor changes
- Added support for logging events as produced by the future eMagiz OSGi runtime.
- Message history entries in eMagiz error (and tracking) XML messages now contain a 'position' attribute, allowing the correct sorting of these entries even when the timestamp is unreliable because of clock differences between servers. (#49531)
- Added an option to the 'XML mapping message consumer' to immediately logout the Mendix session after calling the XML mapping. From Mendix version 4.8 onwards, this can potentially prevent out-of-memory exceptions and improve (long term) performance in cases where messages are consumed faster than Mendix can automatically cleanup the sessions.
- When using the 'run-in-console.cmd' script to run eMagiz on Windows, the title of the window now shows the JVM name. This makes it a lot easier to identify the windows when running multiple eMagiz instances on the same computer, e.g. when testing a message bus on your laptop.
## Bug fixes
- Flows containing a JMS caching connection factory can now be imported into the flow designer again without causing errors.

# Portal release notes (5.15.0)
Release that adds better support for importing xsd's and improvements to processing large error messages.
## New features
- Global complex types can now be edited in the definition editor.
- You can now press enter to confirm the are you sure you want to delete this pop-up in the flow designer. (#103301)
- Added support for nillable content in the definition editor
- Added the possibility to alert triggers to change the description to a manual one. (#97522)
- The definition editor now supports enumeration values for global types. (#103566)
- Added support for importing simpleContent in the definition editor. (#100188)
## Major changes
- Error messages with a large payload or with a none string payload are now stored as file rather than a string. (#87418)
- Elements are no longer allowed to start with the name XML during the import of an XSD. (#101333)
## Minor changes
- Changed the message history to always show the correct order. Instead of using a timestamp an incremental number is used instead (#49531)
- Added a warning to notice a user that we no longer support the use of properties for the flat file to xml transformer fieldnames. (#79858)
- Changed the layout of the XML to flat file transformer so that the reset button is always visible. (#88026)
- Changed notification settings to enable congestion control by default. (#96266)
- The transformation editor now refreshes concatenation lists when an item is removed. (#99984,101647)
- Congestion control no longer triggers if the remaining messages equal 1. (#100768)
- The select requirements screen now has a default double click action. (#100455)
## Bug fixes
- Fixed a bug where accounts could be saved eventhough they had an invalid username. (#69528)
- The header enricher no longer removes newly added entries. (#91222)
- Lib/functions.xsl is no longer exported with a prefix. (#97600)
- Fixed an issue where you were not able to edit the column of a flat file to xml transformer (#98025)
- Fixed an issue where the File item reader would not show the delimiter field. (#91538)
- New attributes that are cancelled no longer create a null attribute in the definition editor. (#99948)
- Adding a variable in custom xpath should no longer result in an exception. (#100257)
- Fixed the search fields in the error message overview to search the correct fields. (#96211)
- Not mapped root elements are no longer exported when you export an xml transformation. (#101328)
- Fixed many layout issues and spelling mistakes. (#1010689,100082,100058,100008,91822,91201,91824,91827)
