# Runtime release notes (3.18.0)
Release adding SFTP (SSH File Transfer Protocol) support and improving the existing file-polling options.
## New features
- Support for transferring messages using SFTP (SSH File Transfer Protocol), similar to the existing FTP(S) support.
  - New component 'SFTP inbound channel adapter': creates messages by polling a remote SFTP directory
  - New component 'SFTP outbound channel adapter': sends messages to a remote SFTP directory
  - New support object 'default SFTP (caching) session factory': creates (and reuses) connections to remote SFTP servers
  - New support object 'SFTP composite file list filter': provides advanced filtering options to determine which files to process and which files to ignore
- Added new file filtering options that are available when polling for local files, FTP(S) files and SFTP files. (#56297)
  - Age file list filter: only accepts files with an age within the specified limits
  - Regular files only file list filter: only accepts regular files, not directories or symbolic links (#107963)
  - Size file list filter: only accepts files with a size within the specified limits (#9122)
- When polling for local files, you can now also recursively scan all subdirectories inside the target directory. To enable this behaviour, add the new support object 'recursive leaf-only directory scanner' to your flow and use this in your file inbound channel adapter. Please read the help texts of these components for performance considerations. (#48107)

# Portal release notes (5.16.0)
Small release with some improvements on the definition editor and the flow designer.
## New features
- The definition editor now allows namespaceless global complexTypes. (#105640)
- Conditional mapping now allows for autogenerating a check != '' (#103046)
## Minor changes
- Selectable resources for a new XML transformation are now displayed the same as when selecting a new resource for a component. (#99953,100092)
- Parameters passed to a XML transformation are now shown on root level. (#100001)
- Added the possibilty to copy properties to a JVM that has no properties yet. (#88558)
- Enumerations values are now required to be unique. (#101813)
## Bug fixes
- Removed some cases where feedback would be shown in the error pane even though the components were configured correctly. (#88850)
- The messagebus wizard will now rename message dispatchers correctly when renaming a message type. (#87363)
- Referenced objects should now highlight when in read-only mode.
- Error queue is now renamed properly when renaming the complete bus (#95739)
- Fixed some help text links to show the correct information and to open directly. (#32150,64816)
- Changing data validation from build-in to for this attribute only should no longer break the element. (#105127)
- Conditional mapping on >= now exports correctly (#104084)
- Fixed an issue where xsd:attributes were placed after xsd:elements when exporting a definition (#103514)
- When the namespace of with prefix 'in' equals another namespace in the xsl, the 'in' prefix will not be declared. (#102583)
- Composite file filter is now part of the component explorer (#71859,91501)
## Known issues
- The XML transformation editor does not show a scrollbar for large input definitions. You can fix this by slightly moving the border between the input definition and the mapping rules. (#100031)
