This release introduces several new iPaaS features and improvements, including an overview of used properties inside a message flow, a best practice naming convention for connectors and containers, a documentation tab in the message bus, support of the xsd:all tag in XML Definitions and mapping list items within the external gateway.
## New features
- You can now map to list items in an external gateway result (#107080)
- Cancel during import of XSD now removes the defintion. (#106330)
- Added an overview of properties to the flow design form (#104489)
- Properties can now be exported to a csv file (#98234)
- You can now add documentation to a message bus (#65415)
- Added support for the xsd:all tag in the xsd import.
## Minor changes
- Changed naming of message bus components. Containers and connector are now prefixed with the message bus name. (#108114,92033)
- Data transformation are now only shown when options are available (#47981)
- Filtering elements now opens the single condition screen instead of the logical operation.(#47936) (#47936)
- Only list items can be selected for list rules. (#47935)
- "Exception on empty" setting when calling the code mapping function is now 'true' by default (#67608)
- Removed option is XSD atttribute on the element form. (#110326)
- Added validation on description during transformation creation (#110362)
- Added new/edit buttons for variables and params (#110663)
- Updated some help texts (#110003,67252,109996,110028,93227)
- Value mapping now works for variables (#112440)
## Bug fixes
- Fixed the validation feedback on customer namespace (#110958)
- You can now change the namespace of the bus (#101323)
- Fixed an issue where the mapping editor was not updated properly when moving an existing node into another node. (#110394)
- Parent nodes kunnen nu verwijderd worden (#67406)
- Fixed a case where conditional mapping was not cleared on reset. (#110358)
- Changes to variable and parameters are no longer saved when canceling them. (#105630)
- Order of attributes is now correct (#110258)
- XML Transformation no longer shows too many elements (#110295)
- Definition has been changed 'button' no longer results in a 504 error. (#107543)
- Right root element is selected when using a external gateway. (#107737)
- Flat file to xml should now always show the right amount of patterns (#110661)
- Selecting resources in a flow component no longer changes the changed date (#110008)
## Known issues
- Images can only be uploaded after the documentation has been saved atleast one time. (#105274)
