# Runtime release notes (3.10.0)
Release with support for (client-side) OAuth 2.0 authentication, Mendix 5 AppServices and IBM WebSphere JMS connections.
## New features
- Added support for (client-side) OAuth 2.0 authentication to HTTP (REST) requests using the Spring Security and Spring Security OAuth projects:
  - Added new support object OAuth 2.0 resource that represents an OAuth 2.0 protected resource (for example, a Google Drive account).
  - Added new support object OAuth 2.0 REST template that can be used in a HTTP outbound gateway to add OAuth 2.0 authentication to the HTTP (REST) requests.
  - Added new OAuth 2.0 access token advice to enable transporting OAuth security tokens as eMagiz messages headers instead of requiring a web application context: this request handler advice should be added to the HTTP outbound gateway that needs access to a OAuth 2.0 protected resource.
  - Added new OAuth 2.0 user redirect required exception resolver: add this endpoint exception resolver to a web service message receiver to enable it to return a SOAP fault containing the redirect URL in case the user first has to authorize eMagiz to access the OAuth 2.0 protected resource.
- Added support for publishing an eMagiz web service as a Mendix 5 AppService, see the new Mendix service definitions section on the advanced tab page of the web service message receiver servlet in the flow designer.
- Added support for creating JMS connections to IBM WebSphere MQ, see the new support objects WebSphere caching connection factory and WebSphere connection factory in the flow designer. Note that these components are build and tested using WMQ version 7.1, but they should also work with other versions that have a compatible ConnectionFactory interface.
## Minor changes
- Update to Spring Integration 2.2.4
- Improved the service log when running on Ubuntu Linux, see the "daemon-installer (Ubuntu).sh" script in the service directory of the eMagiz standalone runtime.
- Added JVM argument "-Dfile.encoding=UTF-8" to all standalone runtimes to better enforce UTF-8 as the default character encoding.
- Added JVM argument "-XX:MaxPermSize" to the Linux daemon scripts (this option was already available when running as a Windows service).
- Added new bean scope "thread" to the eMagiz runtime, in order to facilitate short-lived objects on a per-thread basis (for example the sessions used by the new OAuth 2.0 support).
- Some changes to the logging mechanism in preparation of Mendix 5.
- When transforming a flat-file to XML using a PatternMatchingCompositeLineMapper, it's now possible to dynamically name the 'record' XML element based on the "record type". This makes it possible to create XSDs for the output of such transformations, which was practically impossible before.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed maximum Java heap memory setting ("-Xmx") for running as a Linux daemon process.
- Changed incorrect JVM argument MaxPermSpace to MaxPermSize in emagiz-service.ini
## Known issues
- Loading an encrypted configuration can result in a "​PGPDataValidationException: data check failed" error. This only happens when trying to load an encrypted configuration that was exported in an older version of eMagiz: replacing these configurations with newly exported ones will solve this error.

# Portal release notes (5.2.0)
Release with improvement to XML definitions/XML mappings and support for OAuth 2.0, Mendix 5 AppServices and IBM WebSphere JMS.
## New features
- Many usability improvements, new options, changes and bug fixes in the XML definition and XML mapping editors (#47948 #47979 #45223 #47944 #47870 #47959 #47952 #47955 #44320 #52466 #44315 #47922 #52806 #48305 #50947 #50387 #54697 #45227 #47989 #54701). (##47948 #47979 #45223 #47944 #47870 #47959 #47952 #47955 #44320 #52466 #44315 #47922 #52806 #48305 #50947 #50387 #54697 #45227 #47989 #54701)
- Support for (client side) OAuth 2.0 authentication.
- It's now possible to publish eMagiz message flows as Mendix 5 AppServices.
- Support for creating JMS connections to IBM WebSphere MQ.
## Minor changes
- Changed/expanded the help texts of the FTP components to better explain how they work and how to configure them correctly.
- On the HTTP outbound gateway, it is no longer possible to set extract payload when the request type is GET. Previously this combination of settings resulted in runtime warnings.
