# Runtime release notes
Release with support for connecting to 'ThClient' databases, and library/technology updates.
## New features
- Added new support object ThClient connector for connecting to 'ThClient' databases through thclient.dll using Java Native Access. This support object can be used by the following two new service activators:
  - ThClient table reading activator: reads all the records of database tables, for example to synchronize the data to another application
  - ThClient changes reading activator: reads only the changed records of a database (by using the log table), for example to keep another application synchronized real-time
## Minor changes
- Update to Spring Framework 3.2.4
- Update to Spring Security OAuth 1.0.5
- Update to Spring Batch 2.2.1
- Update to Logback 1.0.13
- Update to Apache HttpComponents HttpCore 4.2.5
- Update to Apache Commons Net 3.3.0
- Update to Jetty Web Server 8.1.12
- Update to Saxon XSLT and Query Processor 9.4.0.9
- Update to XOM 1.2.10
- Update to Bouncy Castle Crypto APIs 1.49
- Update to Jackson JSON processor 1.9.13
- Update to Smack API 3.3.0
## Bug fixes
- Fixed an issue during the export process where empty reference sets in the configuration were not ignored, which could cause some default property values to be overwritten (most notably the default endpoint exception resolvers of a web service message dispatcher).
- Completely removed all traces of languages other than English (US) from the eMagiz Mendix runtime modules, because these (unsupported) languages could cause errors in the Mendix project when that project happened to have one of these languages enabled. To quickly add translations back in your project, use the Tools > Language Operations option in the Mendix modeler and copy the English (US) translations to your desired language (and then translate labels as you see fit, but usually the eMagiz GUI is only visible to an administrator user).

# Portal release notes
Release with a first set up of Mendix 5 appservices, support for th client connections and some improvements to resource management and the bus wizard.
## New features
- It's now possible to publish eMagiz message flows as Mendix 5 AppServices.
- Many usability improvements, new options, changes and bug fixes in the XML definition and XML mapping editors (#48010, #46852, #56912, #57006, #51966). (##48010, #46852, #56912, #57006, #51966)
- Added Support for th Client connections.
- Added support for SOAPActions to DefaultWSDL11Definition
- It's now possible to rename systems and message types in the bus wizard
- Added possiblity to add extra libraries to deployment packages. e.g. functions.xsl
## Minor changes
- The component searchbar no longer searches within search results (#51287). (##51287)
- Added images for resource types mapping and definition.
- Enabled the use of global definitions within flows, without the need to reopen the flow (#57256, #52455) (##57256, #52455)
- Added a confirmation dialog to the remove resource button (#53813) (##53813)
- Jetty server will now highlight when selecting a HTTP inbound gateway (#50898) (##50898)
- You can now disconnect a flow from a system (#48263) (##48263)
- Added Web service message listener
- Added JMS listener container
## Bug fixes
- Router exits are now drawn correctly when opening the designer form (#48347) (##48347)
- Router channel mappings are now removed when the channel is removed (#48395) (##48395)
- Removing a JVM now works accordingly (#54151) (##54151)
- Removing a single channel no longer asks if you would like to remove 2 components (#48394) (##48394)
