# Runtime release notes
First maintenance release in the eMagiz 3.11.x line.
## New features
- Added support to the Mendix runtime modules for tunneling HornetQ connections through a Mendix 'RequestHandler': this can be useful in scenarios where you deploy HornetQ in a Mendix application and want to re-use the existing Mendix HTTP(S) port for the connections.
## Minor changes
- ThClient settings 'database', 'username' and 'password' are now no longer specified as configuration options, but as message headers.
- Added support for handling deleted records to the ThClient connector.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed some issues with the ThClient 'readChanges' functionality.

# Portal release notes
Release that integrates the community with the eMagiz SaaS platform and has some bus updates.
## New features
- Community features
  - Support for documentation
  - Support for release downloads
  - Support for release notes
- Support for renaming of bus components.
  - Bus configurations can now be renamed by going to the settings tab and pressing the edit button.
## Minor changes
- Value column of JDBC parameter now shows the expression value or the static value (#44205)
- ThClient component changes
  - Added documentation for new headers "emagiz_thclient_database", "emagiz_thclient_username" and "emagiz_thclient_password"
  - Change attribute 'logItemType' from String to Integer
  - Removed 'DatabaseDefinition'
## Bug fixes
- Fixed some cases where alerts were not updated because their contents overflowed.
- Fixed copying of resources to new flows. (#56465)
- XML mapping
  - Attributes are now exported with '@' in name (#59436)
