# Runtime release notes (3.11.1)
First maintenance release in the eMagiz 3.11.x line.
## New features
- Added support to the Mendix runtime modules for tunneling HornetQ connections through a Mendix 'RequestHandler': this can be useful in scenarios where you deploy HornetQ in a Mendix application and want to re-use the existing Mendix HTTP(S) port for the connections.
## Minor changes
- ThClient settings 'database', 'username' and 'password' are now no longer specified as configuration options, but as message headers.
- Added support for handling deleted records to the ThClient connector.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed some issues with the ThClient 'readChanges' functionality.

# Portal release notes (5.5.0)
Release that includes the new landing page a Q&A section and a completely revised XML mapping.
## New features
- Community
  - Added a new landing page with a quick overview on your flows, questions and on platform news.
  - Added a Q&A section with the possibility to track your questions mobile.
  - Added platform news to instantly show you the latest updates on eMagiz.
## Major changes
Completely refactored the XML mapping for better maintenance and faster updates.
## Minor changes
- The bus wizard now allows you to update the amount of clusters in your esb.
- The flat file to XML transformer now has the ability to use it's first record as record name.
- Popups can now be closed with the enter button. (#48215)
- Support objects can no longer be removed if they are being used.
## Bug fixes
- Restored rights on downloads menu item (#49539)
- Fixed an issue that prevented user creation. (#63688)
- Fixed a bug where the flowdesigner drew an uncomplete shape underneath the complete one. (#35240)
- The flowdesigner now refreshes on changes made to the global error channel. (#32138)
- XML mapping
  - Fixed an issue that prevented changes of variables (#65690)
  - Updating a mapping after updating a definition should no longer fail. (#57828)
  - Updating the namespace of a definition now updates the namespace in your mappings accordingly. (#57449)
  - Min- and maxInclusive are now removed when left empty. (#65202, 64923)
  - Fixed an issue that prevented concat values to be removed. (#65705)
  - String patterns are now saved when changed (#63682)
  - Input of round is now always cast to a number to prevent no-number-input errors. (#60136)
  - Variables are now exported when downloading a XML mapping (#57436)
  - And many more usability issues.
