Release that increases performance of monitoring data handling and has many fixes for the message bus wizard.
## New features
- Added a Self-signed certificate option to the message bus.
## Major changes
- Monitoring data is now handled differently which results in less overhead and increases performance
## Minor changes
- Lib folder is now also exported when an xslt is used instead of an eMagiz XML mapping. (#67075)
- Editing and saving an ESB system will no longer ask you if you are sure to save your changes if no changes were made. (#62581)
- Containers in the message bus are now called process containers (#67550)
- The logging messages are now truncated to max. 1024 characters to improve performance and reduce the database size. (#64405)
- Added a better explaination of how 'default output channel', 'ignore send failures' and 'resolution required' settings of routers work and interact with each other
- The connection type of a bus can now be changed.
- Moved resolution required, in the xpath router, from the advanced tab to the basic tab. (#68207)
## Bug fixes
- The condition type for logical operators can be changed. (#67604,67602,67269)
- Removing and element from an eMagiz XML definition now properly updates the eMagiz XML mappings. (#68505)
- The eMagiz XML mapping now updates properly when moving an element within it's parent element.
- The words "transform ip in header" are no longer be displayed. (#65825)
- Deeplinks should now be styled with the eMagiz theming
- "Generate cron-expression" button has returned
- Enabling clustering now updates existing bus connections in all connector flow types to connect to the cluster (#67999)
- Enabling clustering no longer overwrites in-VM connections with cluster connection settings (#67998)
- Enabling failover now updates the bus connections of all types of connector flows to support failover (#67995)
- Enabling failover now increases the 'reconnect attempts' of existing local connections (#67994)
- Enabling failover, now includes the live server (#67993)
- Enabling failover now updates the (existing) local connection to use "high availability" (#67992)
- Enabling failover no longer overwrites the SaaS connection settings with the bus connection settings (#67991)
- Disabling failover with no clusters now properly removes all references to the backup servers. (#68835)
- Disabling clustering and failover now removes the cluster from the "Message queues" tab page (#68833)
- Changing from cluster with failover to failover only, no longer refers to the non-existing cluster servers (#68829)
- Changing from cluster with failover to only failover now renames the cluster back to 'failover-cluster' (#68824)
- Cluster connection configurations are now renamed when the cluster name changes
## Remarks
- Added a documentation page with all eMagiz XPath extension functions.
