# Runtime release notes (3.12.0)
Release with support for UN/EDIFACT.
## New features
- Added new component 'UN/EDIFACT to XML transformer', which can transform any UN/EDIFACT interchange into (multiple) XML messages. Supports the following UN/EDIFACT versions:
  - D.93A
  - D.94A
  - D.94B
  - D.95A
  - D.95B
  - D.96A
  - D.96B
  - D.97A
  - D.97B
  - D.98A
  - D.98B
  - D.99A
  - D.99B
  - D.00A
  - D.00B
  - D.01A
  - D.01B
  - D.01C
  - D.02A
  - D.02B
  - D.03A
  - D.03B
  - D.04A
  - D.04B
  - D.05A
  - D.05B
  - D.06A
  - D.06B
  - D.07A
  - D.07B
  - D.08A
  - D.08B
  - D.09A
  - D.09B
## Minor changes
- Added library Smooks 1.5.1
- Added library Apache Commons Lang 2.4.0
- Added library Jaxen 1.1.4
- Some security related changes to prepare the eMagiz runtime for running in the Mendix Public Cloud.

# Portal release notes (5.8.0)
Release that allows users to determine and document their integration requirements within the eMagiz platform.
## New features
- Requirements
  - eMagiz now allows you to document your requirements through a series of questions with a wizard like structure.
  - Added the possibility to determine and document the linked systems and messages types during your requirements analysis.
  - Added the option to see the integration requirement in the editable configuration overview once they are linked.
- Graphical representation of the message bus.
- Added an UN/EDIFACT to XML transformer to easily transform EDIFACT messages to XML.
## Bug fixes
- Solved a database error when generating a report. (#72588)
- Mapping
  - Otherwise is now properly updated when changed (#72000)
  - DateTime to Date transformations are now exported correctly (#73040)
  - Fixed an issue when mapping a single element to a list output. (#74261)
  - Mappings from an attribute to an element now work accordingly
- Fixed a security issue that caused partner admins to lose the ability to see the configuration properties. (#69377)
