The sixth sense release introduces version 6 of the portal.
The major change is an update of the platform to Mendix 5, including styling based on Bootstrap (be sure to empty your browser cache to see the new style, for example by using Ctrl + F5).
Besides that, the graphical representation of the message bus has been upgraded to include more functionality. An example is that you can now zoom out to see the whole picture, or double-click on a process to go directly to the flow.
Another new feature is the new eMagiz Mendix connector, which enables compatibility with the Mendix cloud.
Finally, we fixed several bugs and implemented various minor features.

Release that:
1. updates the portal to Mendix 5,
2. upgrades the graphical representation of the message bus,
3. gives access to the new eMagiz Mendix connector,
4. enables Mendix cloud compatibility,
5. provides various small features and fixes.
## New features
- Added functionality to the graphical representation of the message bus.
  - If the bus doesn't fit on the form there should be a 'zoom' box like in a flow (#76060)
  - Add system/messagetype/onramp/offramp from messagebus designer
  - Filter on systems / processes / message types
  - Double click on a process to go to the flow.
  - Delete system/messagetype/onramp/offramp from messagebus designer
- Added eMagiz Mendix connector and its configuration.
- Mendix cloud compatibility, through use of the new eMagiz Mendix connector.
## Major changes
- Updates Mendix to version 5. Among others, this leads to a change in styling, which is now based on Bootstrap (be sure to empty your browser cache to see the new styling, for example with Ctrl + F5).
## Minor changes
- Improved speed of: generating mapping, generating deployment package, importing XSDs.
## Bug fixes
- Various small bug fixes
## Known issues
- Graphical representation of the message bus does not refresh when a component is added with the new menu. (#127603)
