# Runtime release notes (3.20.0)
Release adding generic (SpEL based) components and containing library/technology updates.
## New features
- Added new SpEL based components that allow for flexible, dynamic message handling in certain (more complex) cases.
  - Standard transformer: transforms messages by replacing the payload with the evaluation result of a SpEL expression. (#119524)
  - Standard splitter: splits messages using a delimiter character or by evaluating a SpEL expression.
  - Standard service activator: service activator that evaluates a SpEL expression for each incoming message.
  - Standard router: routes messages to a channel based on the evaluation of a SpEL expression.
- Added new support object 'complex SOAP header mapper'. When used in a web service inbound/outbound gateway, this new component can map SOAP headers with complex XML structures to/from message headers. It uses XPath expressions to extract header values from SOAP, and uses a SpEL template to generate custom XML for the SOAP header. (#131255, 93624, 112974)
- Added new component 'custom error message activator'. This service activator generates a custom error each time a message arrives. The text of the error message is dynamically created using a SpEL expression that is evaluated on the incoming message. This can be used to trigger the error handling of the message flow with an error message that contains useful information for locating the problem. For example, when throwing a custom error message in a flow that is exposed as a web service, this custom error is send back to the caller as a SOAP fault. (#106608)
## Major changes
- Following the recommendation of security organizations such as OWASP, eMagiz no longer supports the use of the now obsolete and insecure SSL version 3.0 protocol. Because Oracle also disabled SSLv3 in their January 20 Critical Patch Update release, we highly recommend updating to Java 7 update 75. Note that while the minimum requirement for eMagiz 3.20.0 is still Java 6, we do not recommend running on that version because Oracle stopped releasing public updates for Java 6 almost 2 years ago (and the latest critical patch updates are only available for customers with a long running Oracle support contract).
## Minor changes
- Library updates
  - Update to HornetQ 2.3.25
  - Update to Netty 3.6.10
  - Update to Joda Time 2.7.0
  - Update to SLF4J 1.7.10
  - Update to Spring Framework 3.2.13
  - Update to Spring Security 3.1.7
- Added an option to HornetQ JMS servers to specify a (custom) security manager implementation. The only implementation currently supported is 'JAAS adapter security manager', which - when running in an OSGi environment - will delegate authorization requests to Java Authentication and Authorization Service.
- Added new options to HornetQ's address settings, allowing for slow consumers to be automatically disconnected from the server.

# Portal release notes (6.1.0)
Release that adds several new components, leads to improved performance of the portal, as well as solving issues originating from the update to Mendix 5.
## New features
- To avoid badly-behaved configurations having a negative impact on performance for others, we may limit the amount of monitoring data per customer accepted by the portal each day. Through the alert and notification system, it is possible to subscribe to the "data limit reached" alert-tag. In that case, you know when to adjust a misbehaving configuration. Note: This only affects monitoring data sent to the portal. In no way does it influence operational messages going through your runtimes.
## Major changes
- Added components to flow designer for new runtime (3.20.0).
## Minor changes
- Minor improvements to the graphical message bus (#76350,76065,76068)
- Name of both output and input definition visible in mapping screen. (#125433,125437)
- Minor improvements in mapping and definition.
  - Close button always visible in mapping screen (top right). (#63970,133615,76132)
- Deeplink to portal available in error mail, so you can easily view the complete error message in the portal.
- Performance improvements, especially in the flow designer (#131418)
- Default sorting on message history in error messages show last component for a message first. (#134457)
- To improve performance, the data for statistics of queues are now recorded only once every two minutes. This is most clearly visible in the "data measurements" graph in the JMS queue statistics for the flow manager, where in the new situation, there are 30 measurements per hour. Note: This may have effect on your alerts.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed issues in the mapping and definition (#128820, 128846, 127652, 129033, 130765, 126233, 125846, 128657, 127327, 67403, 97580, 122023, 135201, 123499, 124570)
  - Description input field does not match maximum input size. (#131456)
  - Mapping an attribute that also is the root element fails (#134270)
- Copying flow does not work in certain occasions (#132559)
- Fixed a rare occasion, where the lock on a flow would not be released. (#132557)
