Release that introduces Base64 support in the definition and transformation tools, and extends the graphical capture view with edit functionality. Besides that, it includes several small improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Base64 is added to the build-in data types of XML definitions and transformations. This is useful when passing binary content (e.g. the contents of a file) within XML messages. (#152048, 92080)
- The graphical view of a message bus in the capture phase is no longer a static image, but is now fully editable:
  - Create new systems by using drag and drop from the component toolbar on the left.
  - Rearrange the position of systems by using drag and drop on the "outside" of a system.
  - Create new integrations by dragging connection lines between the "inside" of a system and your eMagiz bus. Note that the direction in which you create the connection will determine the direction of the message flow.
## Minor changes
- Flow editor: Reset search box after a search or when closing it, so you can easily search again. (#162236)
- Runtime dashboard: Clean up all old flows on a runtime easily. Added a button to uninstall all non-running flows on a single runtime. (#152395a)
- Flow editor: Selecting/deselecting component type in the flow designer menu is disabled when the search panel is hidden. (# 162239)
- Runtime dashboard: Button to show log entries of a flow (#166783)
## Bug fixes
- When a bus is set to hot deployment (eMagiz 4.0.0), eMagiz Mendix connector flows are downloaded as files now. (#167584)
- Transformation tool: Sorting of attributes in a list is correct now. (#136774, 158813)
- Create phase bus: Connector / process summaries were displayed wrong way round when folding (#161746)
- Design phase bus: All systems were on one side of eMagiz. (#165716, 167109)
