# Runtime release notes (emc 1.2.0)
Update to the eMagiz Mendix Connector (emc), including retry behaviour for exit connectors, libraries updates, and the reintroduction of "emagiz-cleanup-tool.jar".
## New features
- Added a simple retry mechanism to exit connector flows. You can specify "max attempts" and "back-off period", similar to what is available in standard eMagiz flows.
- Reintroduced the "emagiz-cleanup-tool.jar", which helps to solve issues with conflicting versions of libraries in the Mendix "userlib" folder. You should run this tool (located in the "resources" folder of your Mendix app) each time you update the eMagiz Mendix Connector module. Note that this tool cannot solve conflicts caused by other (third-party) Mendix modules containing Java.
# Minor changes
- Libraries updated to the same versions as currently used in the standalone eMagiz runtime (v3.20.0)
  - Update to HornetQ 2.3.25
  - Update to Joda Time 2.7.0
  - Update to Spring Framework 3.2.13
  - Update to Netty 3.6.10

# Portal release notes (6.2.0)
Release that updates the bus representation. The main bus screen now shows a graphical representation of the bus. If required, the old screens can still be accessed through the tab "component list". In addition, we fixed several issues and implemented various minor features. Be sure to empty your browser cache to profit from the improvements, for example by using Ctrl + F5.
## Major changes
- Updated bus to use graphical representation as main screen. All features previously available in the old screen are now available in the new representation. Besides that, searching and filtering is possible to show only the parts of the bus you want to see. (#127590, 132812, 123933, 76067, 139383, 139384, )
## Minor changes
- Improved editing of message bus settings. (#86444, 86631, 75949)
- Various minor improvements for Capture requirements. (#127594, 100445, 127606, 127617, 102773, 139370, 139369, 139374,)
- Various minor improvements to community. (#86087, 72396, 72239)
  - Accepted answer is marked on question page (#100998)
  - Added new question button to My Q&A (#128837)
  - Subscribe to answers on the new question page (#72392)
- Possible to add a description to systems in a bus. (#111353)
- Possibility to change an existing system to eMagiz Mendix connector (please be aware that you will lose manual changes to connector flows, which cannot be reverted). (#137428, 139572)
## Bug fixes
- Fixed: Properties: Error while copying properties to acceptance environment (#130570)
- Fixed: Flat file to XML transformer: Validation is wrong, expression is required. (#136641, 135507)
- Fixed: Transformation: Pressing the reset button does not reset the transformation (#129035)
- Fixed: Transformation: Generate button generates unexpected condition (#129151)
- Fixed: Transformation: Selecting a param as input for a condition does not provide a value compare box (#117021)
- Fixed: Resources: Changed By does not always update (#128441, 125871, 116046, 118263, 85891, 25833, 120151)
- Fixed: Alerting: Creating a monitoring trigger may lead to a validation error on an invisible tab. (#131098)
- Fixed: Notifying: A comma in the name of external recipients may cause e-mail notifications to fail (#139643)
