# Runtime release notes (3.20.1)
First maintenance release in the eMagiz 3.20.x line.
## Minor changes
- Added support to HornetQ servers for specifying security settings per queue/topic.
- Added a utility class that can be used in SpEL expressions to help implement security managers using the new 'HornetQ security manager gateway'.
- Added some "dummy classes" to make this eMagiz runtime forward compatible with future versions of the OSGi runtime.
- Added aliases for certain build-in properties to make this eMagiz runtime forward compatible with future versions of the OSGi runtime:
  - 'emagiz.runtime.name' (alias for part of the 'emagiz.jvm.name' property value)
  - 'emagiz.runtime.environment' (alias for part of the 'emagiz.jvm.name' property value)
  - 'emagiz.ws.url' (alias for the 'emagiz.saas.ws.url' property)
  - 'emagiz.customer.username' (alias for the 'emagiz.saas.ws.username' property)
  - 'emagiz.customer.password' (alias for the 'emagiz.saas.ws.password' property)
## Bug fixes
- Fixed an error that occurred when deploying a HornetQ server with a custom security manager.

# Portal release notes (6.3.0)
Release that includes several small features and handles many minor issues. We have updated one of our best practices to use actual HornetQ bridges instead of bridge flows. In addition, the portal is upgraded to Mendix 5.15, which improves performance of several screens.
## New features
- Alerting: Add status (empty / 'Under review' / 'Handled') to alerts and allow flow managers to change this status. This can help them to see which alerts still need action.
## Major changes
- New best practice applied in bus wizard: replacing "bridge flows" with actual HornetQ bridges. Any newly designed JMS servers and infra-flows will use the actual JMS bridges. Existing flows are not affected.
- Updated portal to Mendix 5.15.0. In this version, Mendix solved several issues that we reported to them. This includes fixing a memory leak that was especially notable when working with the HornetQ server and alerting triggers. (#128813, 131038, 132037, 132504)
## Minor changes
- Community: Add paging to release notes overview (#101723)
- Add extra search fields on several screens (#99677, 116739, 89701, 110851)
- Changed the way the progress bar in the capture requirements wizard works. It is now always based on the percentage of filled fields. (#127611)
- In the capture requirements phase, it is now possible to promote a prospect to a customer. (#115424)
- Monitoring: Improved behaviour of previous and next buttons at the start and end of the month. (#141078)
- Improved the look of units of input behind several input fields.
- The description of resources in a message bus is now editable. (#125267, 119851, 122016)
  - Description of XML transformation is now editable. (#124065)
- XML to flat-file transformer: added a button to copy the namespace prefix and namespace URL to all columns. (#134929)
- Requirements: Include hardware requirements in initial wizard. (#127599)
- Added new component 'HornetQ security manager gateway', which can be used to build custom security manager implementations for HornetQ servers.
## Bug fixes
- Documentation: If you add new or edit documentation in the bus or a flow, it is not refreshing (#127609, 123953, 139382)
- Several bug fixes in the graphical representation of the message bus (#140604, 140662, 129691)
- Several bug fixes in the definition and transformation tool (#140271, 140250, 140251, 118247, 122394, 128825, 140266, 125193, 125190, 130238, 129038)
  - The option to choose output attributes was not available in certain transformations. (#138441)
  - Button to extract definitions didn't work in certain situations. (#126237, 125457, 125494, 122366)
