Release that introduces a graphical bus representation in the capture phase of the Integration Lifecycle Management (ILM). We have also updated one of our best practices to use non-caching connection factories for inbound adapters and gateways. In addition, the portal is upgraded to Mendix 5.15.1.
## New features
- Added a graphical representation of the message bus in the capture phase of the Integration Lifecycle Management (ILM). When editing a requirements project, you can find it on the tab "Capture Designer".
## Minor changes
- Changed the widget for rich text editor. This leads to slightly different look and feel on some pages. It also solves several minor bugs, where the text that was being editted did not update immediately.
- ILM: When connecting requirements to an onramp process, the choice is limited to in-integrations only. The same for offramp processes and out-integrations. This makes it easier to choose the right integration. (#108237)
- Implemented a cache buster. This should save you from clearing your browser cache every time we do a deployment, while you still get our newest improvements. However, for this release you still need to clear your cache one last time (ctrl+F5 and/or ctrl+shift+del in most browsers).
- Applied new best practice in the bus wizard: We now use HornetQ "non-caching" (plain) connection factories for message listeners (the green blocks in your flows, usually inbound gateways and adapters). For now, this only applies to newly generated flows. You may notice extra support objects, as most flows have both caching and non-caching variants (most flows have both green and red blocks).
- Alerting: Alerts can now only be set to evaluate every 2 minutes or more. For JMS queues it is useless to evaluate more often, because we only have a data point every 2 minutes. (#140224)
- Q&A: Removed the length limit on comments. (#144180)
- Properties: When copying properties to a JVM, the "Add all" button only copies all properties of the selected customer that are not on the selected JVM already. For people with access to multiple customers, it is still possible to copy properties from one customer to another by using the "Add" (single property) button. (#115890)
## Bug fixes
- Notifying: Under Manage-->Notifying, the tab "My Notifications" now shows the notifications that are send to you, instead of notifications that you sent. (#140412)
- Notifying: Fixed the daily digest not being send. Please be aware that the first time the digest runs, you may receive a long digest email if you have many notifications set to "daily digest". (#140413)
- Release notes: It is now possible to change the size of the pop-up, so you can read the complete release notes, even if no scrollbar appears in the browser immediately. (#143970, 143973)
- eMagiz-Mendix connector: Exporting a deployment package now also recompiles any updated definitions. (#143531)
- Message bus: It is possible again to move between flows from the "Message bus" tab in a flow of a message bus. For example, from an entry flow, you can press "Go to onramp process". (#139391)
