# Runtime release notes (3.21.0)
Release adding two new filtering options for file, FTP(S), and SFTP inbound channel adapters.
## New features
- Added two new file list filters that can be used in file, FTP(S), and SFTP inbound channel adapters:
  - Lock-file file list filter: accepts files only when there is no corresponding lock-file present.
  - Delaying file list filter: delays the filtering process for a pre-defined amount of time.
- Added new component 'Mikrotik service activator': a service activator for remotely managing Mikrotik firewalls.
## Minor changes
- Added new option 'outputFormat' to the JDBC result-set to XML transformer.

# Portal release notes (6.5.0)
Release that upgrades the graphical bus representation in the design phase of the Integration Lifecycle Management (ILM). In addition, the portal is upgraded to Mendix 5.16.1.
## Major changes
- Upgraded the graphical representation of the message bus to a new design. It now matches the capture requirements design.
- Upgraded the portal to Mendix 5.16.1.
  - Now using Glyphicons on many buttons.
## Minor changes
- Added Mikrotik component to the flow designer. See the runtime release notes for details.
- Added Delaying file list filter component to flow designer. See the runtime release notes for details.
- Added Lock-file file list filter component to the flow designer. See the runtime release notes for details.
- Resources: Delete resource button (message bus) now asks for confirmation and shows a progress bar when busy deleting large transformations / definitions. (#144961)
- In Q&A, "who might know the answer" is limited to active users (#147908)
- In Q&A, added an easy way to return to the questions overview from a question (#143695)
- Set the width of most pop-ups to a fixed width for consistency. (#142598)
## Bug fixes
- Bug fix: in Q&A, "Mark as correct answer" button is no longer visible when you are not the owner of the question (#147504)
- Bug fix: In the flow designer, the Root element is now correctly save in the line tokenizer. (#144503)
- Bug fix: In alerting, saving an existing error message trigger no longer fails. (#148176)
- Bug fix: For resources, when updating resource from 'Messagebus', 'changed date' now always changes (#146452)
