# Runtime release notes (3.22.0)
Release adding Testing/Acceptance/Production environment separation to the eMagiz runtime.
## Major changes
- The eMagiz runtime now "knows" which environment (testing, acceptance or production) it is part of, enabling our iPaaS to differentiate between those correctly. Older versions of the runtime will still work correctly for now, but upgrading is recommended to be future-proof. Compared to the previous versions, the following has changed:
  - The (required) startup setting "emagiz.jvm.name" has been replaced with "emagiz.runtime.name" + "emagiz.runtime.environment". If previously your JVM name was "my.emagiz.app-test", your runtime name should now be "my.emagiz.app" and the environment should be "test".
  - The (optional) startup settings "emagiz.saas.ws.username", "emagiz.saas.ws.password", and "emagiz.saas.ws.url" have been renamed to "emagiz.customer.username", "emagiz.customer.password", and "emagiz.ws.url" respectively. The (customer) username/password that was previously only used for eMagiz iPaaS web service authentication is now used for all authentication with eMagiz iPaaS, including the JMS connections and OSGi repository access. The new names of these settings better reflect this.
  - All communication from the runtime to eMagiz iPaaS now uses version 2.0 of the message definitions (previously version 1.0). If you created any custom message flows that handle eMagiz error, tracking, logging, JMX, monitoring, mapping, or configuring messages, you might have to update them slightly. If you want to update an existing eMagiz bus and are using the default (unaltered) error process, you'll have to delete it and let it auto-generate again. The same is true for the container infra flow if your container is using any code mappings.
## Minor changes
- Added versions 2.0 of the following build-in eMagiz XSDs (for backwards compatibility, versions 1.0 are still included as well):
  - classpath:com/emagiz/components/logging/emagiz-logging-2.0.xsd
  - classpath:com/emagiz/components/error/emagiz-error-2.0.xsd
  - classpath:com/emagiz/components/jmx/emagiz-jmx-2.0.xsd
  - classpath:com/emagiz/components/mapping/emagiz-mapping-2.0.xsd
  - classpath:com/emagiz/components/monitoring/emagiz-monitoring-2.0.xsd
  - classpath:com/emagiz/components/tracking/emagiz-tracking-2.0.xsd
- The log appender channel adapter now automatically filters out some of the "spam" INFO messages by treating them as DEBUG messages.
- Changed the properties that are build-in into the eMagiz runtime. For backwards compatibility the old property names are now aliases for the new properties, but they are deprecated from now on and will be removed in a future version. The full list of build-in properties is now:
  - emagiz.runtime.name
  - emagiz.runtime.environment
  - emagiz.ws.url
  - emagiz.jms.host
  - emagiz.jms.port
  - emagiz.customer.username
  - emagiz.customer.password
  - emagiz.saas.ws.url (deprecated; alias for 'emagiz.ws.url')
  - emagiz.saas.ws.username (deprecated; alias for 'emagiz.customer.username')
  - emagiz.saas.ws.password (deprecated; alias for 'emagiz.customer.password')
  - emagiz.saas.jms.username (deprecated; alias for 'emagiz.customer.username')
  - emagiz.saas.jms.password (deprecated; alias for 'emagiz.customer.password')
  - emagiz.saas.jms.host (deprecated; alias for 'emagiz.jms.host')
  - emagiz.saas.jms.port (deprecated; alias for 'emagiz.jms.port')
  - emagiz.jvm.name (deprecated; value is based on 'emagiz.runtime.name' and 'emagiz.runtime.environment')
## Bug fixes
- Solved an issue that prevented the error to XML transformer from correctly restoring the orginal message headers on the output message.
- Fixed some syntax errors in the Linux script files.
## Remarks
- Due to the changes in this version, the Windows ".ini" & ".cmd" files and the Linux bash files are modified quite a bit. While previously you could get away with only updating the "lib" folder when upgrading existing eMagiz runtimes, this will most certainly not work with this release.

# Portal release notes (6.6.0)
Release that introduces a graphical representation of the topology of a bus (clustering, fail-over, containers) in the design phase of the Integration Lifecycle Management (ILM). Both this topology and other graphical representations of the bus can be exported as images now. In addition, this release includes several small improvements and tackles some minor issues.

Please note that several screens in the deploy and manage phases of the ILM have been prepared with tabs for Testing/Acceptance/Production environment support. For now, only the Production tab should be used on my.emagiz.com and the Testing and Acceptance tabs on my-accp.emagiz.com.
## New features
- Topology: A graphical representation shows the "topology" of a bus in the design phase of the ILM. This includes such things as clusters, fail-over, and the number of process containers. It can be accessed from the Deployment container tab of a message bus.
## Major changes
- Testing, Acceptance, and Production tabs on pages in the Deploy and Manage phases of the ILM.
- Improved support for opening the flows in the flow designer in multiple tabs in the same browser. (#87234)
- Added "Export to image" buttons to the graphical representations of requirements, message buses, and the topology. (#151423, 151416)
## Minor changes
- In the graphical representation of the requirements, the integrations going out of the systems in to eMagiz are at the top.
- Added a button to view the XML-schema for a eMagiz Mendix connector in read-only mode.
- Added multi-select to batch change the status of alerts. (#149647)
- Added a confirmation pop-up when removing resources from a message bus. (#124988)
- For administrators, in user management, the list of users shows only active users by default. Inactive users can be seen by changing the search settings. (#153139)
## Bug fixes
- Fixed the bug where adding a component in the flow designer and pressing cancel made the component not editable any more. (#149397, 150927, 153818)
- Fixed the bug with the graphical representations where the tooltip remained after double-clicking a box. (#140182, 139849)
- Fixed the bug in the graphical representation where the white arrow in the connectors was not clickable.
- Fixed the bug where a grid showing flows would occasionally break down after somebody else changed a flow.
