# Runtime release notes (emc 2.0.0)
Release adding Testing/Acceptance/Production environment separation to the eMagiz Mendix Connector, and making it possible to monitor the health of the connector in eMagiz iPaaS.
## New features
- The eMagiz Mendix Connector now sends a monitoring message to eMagiz iPaaS every minute, just like the full eMagiz runtime, enabling you to monitor the health of the connector in eMagiz iPaaS. Note that due to security constraints when running within a Mendix App, the monitoring behaves slightly different compared to the full eMagiz runtime:
  - The CPU usage graph will actually show the system load average (multiplied by 100), which in most circumstances is a reasonable approximation.
  - The "virtual memory committed" metric is unavailable (the graph will show '-1').
  - To prevent disk space issues, the connector will not use paging when the queue containing the monitoring messages is full. In practice this means that the connector will only buffer the first 24 hours (approximately) of monitoring data when the connection to the message bus is unavailable.
## Major changes
- The eMagiz Mendix Connector now "knows" which environment (testing, acceptance or production) it is part of, enabling our iPaaS to differentiate between those correctly. Older versions of the connector will still work correctly for now, but upgrading is recommended to be future-proof. Compared to the previous versions, the following has changed:
  - The (required) constant "JvmName" has been replaced with "eMagizRuntimeName" + "eMagizRuntimeEnvironment". If previously your JVM name was "mybus.connector.myapp-test", your runtime name should now be "mybus.connector.myapp" and the environment should be "test".
  - The (optional) constants "SaasWsUsername", "SaasWsPassword", and "SaasWsUrl" have been renamed to "eMagizCustomerUsername", "eMagizCustomerPassword", and "eMagizWsUrl" respectively. The (customer) username/password that was previously only used for eMagiz iPaaS web service authentication is now used for all authentication with eMagiz iPaaS, including the JMS connections and OSGi repository access. The new names of these settings better reflect this.
  - All communication from the eMagiz Mendix Connector to eMagiz iPaaS now uses version 2.0 of the message definitions (previously version 1.0). If you created any custom message flows that handle eMagiz error, JMX, or configuring messages, you might have to update them slightly. If you want to update an existing eMagiz bus and are using the default (unaltered) error process, you'll have to delete it and let it auto-generate again.
## Minor changes
- When an exit connector flow sends an error message to eMagiz iPaaS, it will now append itself to the message history of that message. Previously the last entry of the message history in these cases seemed to be the offramp process leading to the exit connector, which was a bit confusing.

# Portal release notes (6.7.0)
Release that improves the graphical representations of the bus and updates the way alerts are created. In addition, this release includes several small improvements and tackles some minor issues.

Please note that in Alerting (under Manage in the menu), the triggers are updated. While many triggers could be automatically converted, the old monitoring triggers are deprecated. You will have to manually recreate their equivalents in the new trigger style. It is advised to not copy the triggers literally only, but also analyse the goal of the trigger. Deprecated triggers, that are not manually converted before the next release, will still be converted automatically, which might lead to unexpected alerts.
## New features
- Added component JMS inbound channel adapter. Receives JMS messages from the specified destination at the connection created by the connection factory. Note that this inbound channel adapter is a polling consumer. This should only be used in situations where polling is done relatively infrequently and timeliness is not important. For all other situations (a vast majority of JMS-based use-cases), the JMS message driven channel adapter is a better option. Also note that in contrast to the JMS message driven channel adapter, this channel adapter does not register a consumer on the JMS destination that is always present. This means that you cannot detect any "missing consumers" on JMS queues/topics when using these polling consumers (although when using a caching connection factory that caches consumers combined with a low polling interval, the behaviour will appear to be the same).
- Highlighting: In the capture phase of the ILM, the flow of a message type can now be made clear by clicking on the label of the message type. By clicking on a system, all flows connected to that system are highlighted.
## Major changes
- Alerting: Revised the way alerts are generated, and thus the way triggers have to be set. It should now be easier to set new monitoring triggers, especially to check for missing data measurements and log entries. The new monitoring alerts use exponential moving averages (EMA), which helps to filter out noise in the measurements. This is also in preparation of the migration to a single portal for testing/acceptance/production.
## Minor changes
- Improved looks of graphical representations of the bus (#155087)
- Added folding of systems in the graphical representations of message buses
- In the topology of the bus, containers are can now be double-clicked to reach the infra-flow or the JMS-server of the container.
- Deployment dashboard: Added the option to set a "ready-for" environment
- Triggers set to monitor "all objects", now only evaluate all object of their own environment. This avoids many unwanted alerts. (#156443)
## Bug fixes
- Customer admin is able to add new system codes to mappings again (#155446)
- Message tracking: Fixed a bug where tracked message were not always showing.
- A partner admin can change their own password again. (#155449)
