Major release that brings eMagiz to the next level in Integration Lifecycle Management (ILM).
The portal has been redesigned to guide you through the phases of the ILM. Once you select your bus from the customizable short-list on the homepage or create a new bus, the bus dashboard provides an overview of the current state of the bus.
Jump immediately to the right phase if you've already build your bus, or take it one phase at a time when creating a new one: the portal will remember the selected bus and environment for you.
Probably you're not building on your own: invite team members to the bus and give them the permissions they need.
In the capture phase, you can now drag and drop systems, and connect them to eMagiz by drawing integrations.
To learn more, take a look at the help info-graphics, or watch the videos on YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qf5GL8KWuk&list=PLDR9Rd5_9t6iUSJNoIsOjS1jzKIC3As7H
## New features
- The portal now remembers on which bus and environment you are working.
- Brand new Bus dashboard to provide an overview of the state of the bus
- Customizable short-list on the homepage to provide quick access to your last visited / favourite buses
- Add colleagues and team members to your bus, and give them the permissions they need
- Use drag and drop to capture your requirements in the first phase of the ILM. Add new systems by dragging them from the palette. Add integrations by drawing them from a system to eMagiz or from eMagiz to a system.
- Record the state of your requirements, and quickly see this on the bus dashboard and in the requirements designer in the capture phase. Are your systems and integrations already "done", are you "doing" them now, or are they still "to do"? Anything that is not done, will show up in the collapsable tasklist to the right of the requirements designer.
- The phases of the ILM are now tightly linked. Any system and integration in the create phase comes directly from your design, which in turn is based on the captured requirements. Creating a new bus without starting at the requirements is not an option.
- Runtime dashboard: Added button to start all flows (#167320)
## Major changes
- Completely new design and styling for an improved user experience
## Minor changes
- Several improvements to searching the palette of the flow designer
- Automatically show the logging, tracking and error messages when first accessing the overview pages.
- Legacy flows and runtimes are accessible through their own "buses" to streamline the experience with buses that follow the best practices
- Upgraded to Mendix 5.21.1
- Deployment dashboard: keep selection after deployment (#168567)
- Flow designer: 'Remaining tasks' no longer blocks view/access to objects. It is collapsible by clicking on the icon at the right top. (#167557)
- Design and topology widgets: open edit screens on double click
- Runtime dashboard: Added a button to clean old flows in runtime dashboard (#152395)
- CDM codes: "Add another" option for when saving CDM codes (#160825)
- Made it easier to find deployment settings for your runtimes: They will be shown when you go to the download runtime screen.
- Made data usage more visible (Deploy-->data usage), and included a complete explanation. (#167187)
- You can now view the full log messages from the runtime dashboard (#174285)
## Bug fixes
- Changed auto-generated HornetQ bridges in JMS servers and infra-flows to keep retrying to reconnect on loss of a connection to the iPaaS and JMS server(s) respectively.
- Q&A no longer keeps refreshing and flickering once you open a question (#173459)
- Bug fix: Fixed that in Internet Explorer sometimes the 'object select menu' was bigger then it should be and the buttons below it were not clickable. (#169454)
## Remarks
- Data visible in the manage and deploy phases, such as properties and code mappings, is visible in all buses of the same company. This is because that data previously was not associated with a message bus, but was created on the customer level. In upcoming releases this data will be split up and connected to the correct message bus.
- Because the navigation is now centred around message buses, any "single flows" and other non-bus resources have automatically been bundled into a single message bus per company. You can recognize these buses by the suffix "legacy JVMs" in their name.
- The monitoring status on the bus dashboard simply checks whether any of the monitoring triggers that are configured for that environment are triggering: if none of them are it is displayed as green, orange indicates that at least one trigger is triggering and a grey icon means that no triggers have been configured. In upcoming releases this behaviour will be refined by taking more variables into account (such as error messages) and by giving an indication of the severity (using the colours green, yellow, orange and red).
