# Runtime release notes (4.1.0)
Release adding Amazon S3 authentication support and a transformer for replacing specific Unicode characters in text messages.
## New features
- Added support for Amazon Simple Storage Service authentication to (custom) REST templates. Using such a REST template in combination with a HTTP outbound gateway will add Amazon S3 authentication to the HTTP requests.
- Added new component "character replacing transformer": a transformer that can replace specific Unicode code points (such as control characters) in string payloads.
## Minor changes
- Updated the mapping service gateway to use version 3.0 of the interface: this version adds the runtime name as an additional (required) input parameter, allowing code mappings to be queried on a message bus level instead of a company level.
- Auto-start of flows now works as expected even when there was a crash during the previous startup.
- Updated to Equinox version 3.10.100.
- On the eMagiz command prompt, all subsystem commands now fully support tab-completion.
## Bug fixes
- Protocol "SSLv2Hello" has been completely disabled again.
- The log appender channel adapter now correctly ignores internal (OSGi) events.
- Fixed an issue that could cause errors when trying to use mapping service gateways or XSLT extension gateways.
## Remarks
- Due to the update to mapping service version 3.0, all existing flows calling the eMagiz iPaaS mapping services need to be updated before deploying them on this new runtime. In a standard eMagiz message bus this simply means deleting and auto-generating the container infra flow; no other flows are affected. Any custom build integrations with this service need to change the version number from 2.0 to 3.0 in both the namespace URI and the web service URL.

# Portal release notes (7.1.0)
Release with various minor improvements and fixes.
## Minor changes
- Drag and drop systems in the Create phase of the ILM.
- Improved best practices when generating a new bus in the create phase, to improve stability.
- Flow designer: Added the new components that can be used with the new runtimes.
- Bus dashboard: improved the calculation of the numbers and statuses on the dashboard.
- In the requirements designer of the Capture phase, you can now double-click the items in the task panel to the right to directly open their details. (#178967)
- The request handler for the eMagiz-Mendix connector in the Create phase is now easier to reach. (#178769)
- When adding integrations and systems to the capture pahse, several actions now have loading bars to indicate that they are still loading. (#180760)
- When adding a flat file transformer, it is now clearer which option you choose. (#164958)
- Added version 3.0 of the mapping service interface: this version adds the runtime name as an additional (required) input parameter, allowing code mappings to be queried on a message bus level instead of a company level.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed: In a newly generated bus flow, pressing cancel in some support objects, resulted in an error when opening the support object again.
- Fixed: When changing a bus from failover to no failover, a transport connector configuration was missing. (#167892)
- Fixed: Keystore was not added to the an acceptor when selecting it form bus resources. (#167923)
- Q&A: Long titles no longer display on top of other text (#179835)
- Fixed: Sometimes it was not possible to add an integration in the capture phase, if you came there from the flow designer.
- Fixed: In monitoring, Log entries Reset-button on log entry overview did not reset to the initial state (#178967)
- Removed duplicate questions for a screen to view integrations in the capture phase. (#180479)
- Fixed: In code mappings, custom attribute values were not visible in the portal. (#181159)
- Added a timestamp to attachments added to integrations in the capture phase. (#169302)
