Release that introduces a brand new XML message definition editor in the Create phase of the ILM. Besides that, it includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- XML Message Definition editor: A brand new tool to edit the details of your message definitions. This tool allows you to build on the CDM and system message as defined in the Design phase. This first release has limited functionality, which will be modularly extended over the upcoming releases. Let us know if you have any requests that deserve priority.
## Major changes
- Message mapping: Added the possibility to add notes to the mappings. Right-click an attribute on the right-side tree to use this feature.
- Message mapping: Added the possibility to mark an attribute as "mapped", even if it is not dependent on anything form the other message. Right-click an attribute on the right-side tree to use this feature.
- Message definitions: A history of the changes made to the message definitions is available through the "History" button at the bottom.
## Minor changes
- All infographics now have "Do not show again" functionality. The infographics allow you to quickly learn how to handle parts of the portal. They will pop up at least once now, and can be disabled individually. Once disabled, you can access them through the "Help" button in the bottom right.
- Store: Annotations in the CDM are exported to and imported from the store together with the rest of the content.
- Annotations: Several minor improvements to make them more beautiful and easier to work with.
- Message definitions: Entities and attributes can be ordered in the tree to the right.
- System message definition: The current selection is highlighted, similar to the CDM messages. (#223743)
- CDM and message definitions: Improved performance in several ways.
- Cloud and runtime: Default memory calculations have been adjusted based on new benchmarks and insights.
- Capture: Added a download button for message content attachments, so they can also be downloaded in read-only mode.
- Q&A: Searching is also done in answers.
## Bug fixes
- CDM and message definitions: Non-standard XSD types, such as nonNegative Integer, are now imported properly as well. (#226165)
- In the requirements designer, integrations no longer change positions when you double-click them. (#225840)
- Store: Fixed a warning that would occur if certain combination of values were set in Netty Connectors.
## Known issues
- Message mapping: This tool does not take ordering of attributes in message definitions into account.
