Release that polishes many of the recently released features.
## New features
- Manage - Alerting: Default alerting settings are created when a new bus is made, including tags, triggers, and notification settings. The bus contact is the default recipient. Be sure to enable the notifications for missing data once your bus is running.
## Major changes
- CDM and message definitions: The way relationships work is improved greatly. Each relationship now has a normal name (source to destination) and reverse name (destination to source). These names are used for the entities in the message definitions. This is useful, for example if you have a PickupAddress and a DeliveryAddress in your message, which both are the same Address entity in the data model.
- CDM and message definitions: Improved the first-time loading performance for large models by introducing "lazy rendering". The portal only renders what you need to see, and will load more when you scroll through the model.
## Minor changes
- Message types: Changed the default for entities and attributes to be optional instead of required.
- CDM and system message designer: When editing a relationship, a help text is shown to explain the names, cardinality, and direction.
- System message designer: It is now possible to add entities to the message from the other side of a relationship as well.
- CDM and message definitions: Importing XSD has been improved.
  - SimpleContent extended with XSD attributes is now imported correctly.
  - Inheritance of ComplexTypes is now handled better.
  - ComplexTypes that are reused in the XSD now also result in reuse of the corresponding entities.
- Flow designer: In onramp and offramp processes, the new message definitions are available in the tabs at the right top. Tabs that used to take up this space can be found in the "Other" tab. The definitions are only editable when the flow is in edit-mode.
- Architecture design: All information is available in read-only mode as well.
- Message mapping: Elements of the messages are ordered the same as they are in the message definitions.
- CDM and message definitions: Hovering long names provides a tooltip, so you can see the whole name, even if it does not fit in the image.
- XML message definition (create phase): Downloading a definition no longer adds "Type" to the end of complex type names, and attempts to limit the amount of complex types and extra entities.
- Flow designer: Create deployment packages directly from the flow designer. When editing, this will deploy to test. When not editing, it creates a deployment package. From the Deploy-Container page, deployment packages can be published for single flows as well.
- Message definitions: When editing the message tree to the right, adding an entity is easier, as only valid options are selectable.
- XML message definitions: The message tree scrolls independently from the details panel, so you do not have to scroll up to see the details after selecting an attribute.
- Notifications: The last exception message is now included for all error notifications.
## Bug fixes
- Infographics are shown more consistent now, and should only have scrollbars when those are really needed.
- Scrollbars no longer disappear in the whole portal after opening a search menu on a data grid.
- Flow designer: File item reader - Filter on advanced-tab is shown when loading the page again (#229012)
- CDM and message definitions: Highlighting entities and attributes of elements in the message has been improved.
- Flow designer: Adding a second custom header overwrites the first no longer (standard header enricher).
- Fixed an issue that prevented the Cloud statistics from displaying.
- Fixed a problem that could result in newly created Cloud VMs becoming completely unresponsive during the initial startup.
- Solved an issue that resulted in erroneous "message bus is required" messages when opening connector or infra flows.
- Changes made to XML message definitions are now correctly applied to the generated XSDs.
## Remarks
- eMagiz Cloud is no longer out of stock!
