Release that adds support for synchronous messages to the new message definitions and mappings. Besides that, it includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Message designer, as well as the new message definitions in create, now support request and response definitions for synchronous flows.
## Minor changes
- CDM and message designer: Improved entity and relationship positions when importing data models.
- eMagiz-Mendix connector: added the option to clear an XML schema from exit connectors.
- Cloud: Auto-shutdown at 17:00 (UTC), is now available per environment. Please contact your partner manager if this setting needs to be adjusted.
- CDM and system message designer: Adding new relations no longer shows a pop-up, as all fields are set with default settings. Please be aware that you probably still want to set more explicit names if you draw more than one relationship between two entities.
- CDM and message designer: When adding entities or attribute to a message, all fields are required (again). It is possible to toggle optional/required for all attributes of an entity at once from the entity detail screen.
- Styling: Adjustments to allow for more information on pop-ups and avoid superfluous scrollbars.
- Capture: When adding a new integration, the message types to select from are sorted alphabetically.
- Notification settings: After adding recipients, the extra pop-up closes automatically.
- Runtime dashboard: Changed widths of grid so they are the same for all environments, allowing for easier comparison.
- XML message definitions: Changed default names for definitions to match best practices.
- Integrations: Full name of integrations is displayed on hovering in many cases where the names is cut off normally to fit in the available space.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed: A potential issue when manually changing the "maxSavedReplicatedJournalSize".
- Fixed: Several cases where the highlighting of entities and attributes of the selected message type was not correct in the CDM and message designer.
## Remarks
- We cleaned up a part of the backlog that had many feedback items that have been solved over the year or are no longer relevant, but had not been explicitly set to "Done". Therefore, our Scrum tool may notify you that your old feedback item has been resolved, even if you cannot find the result in the current release notes.
