Release that introduces brand new XML transformation tooling in the Create phase of the ILM. Besides that, it includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- For high availability (HA) setups, it is now possible to deploy the same connector on multiple runtimes. This works similar to running multiple process containers, and can be set from design. This is only useful if the surrounding components are also ready and set for HA (i.e. everything is deployed redundantly behind load balancers).
- Message Transformations for onramps and offramps in the Create phase of the ILM. The latest addition in our upgrades to content transformation. New message transformations are generated based on your work in the recently released Message Definition and Message Mapper tooling. This first version supports relative simple transformations, as well as custom XSLT / XPath. Let us know what feature you would like next. Be sure to press the Help button (right-bottom) to get tips on how to use it.
- Added support for sending and receiving MIME attachments, as described in the SOAP with Attachments (SwA) specification, to SOAP web services. See the help texts of the new support object "SOAP attachments header mapper" in the flow designer for more information how to use this feature and for important limitations and design considerations.
## Major changes
- In Design, message content and mappings can be directly accessed by right-clicking on the relationship and selecting what you want to see from the context menu.
## Minor changes
- Cloud: Added more detailed statistics for managed cloud slots
- For synchronous messages across the Design and Create phase, made request / response buttons more beautiful and consistent.
- CDM and system message designer: On long entities, relationships can be connected to the whole sides.
- CDM and system message designer: Relationship details are shown when hovering the relationship.
- In Create, the combined entry connector has a new icon. This identify it especially helps if the connector has only one onramp.
- The new message definition tool in Create, now supports: 1. Defining enumeration values, 2. nonEmptyString. The nonEmptyString is also the default value used in Create if you select String as attribute type in the Design phase.
- Message mapper: Notes can be added to entity rules, similar to how notes can be added to attribute rules.
- System message designer: When using "Promote to CDM", straight lines are now drawn in the message mapper for you. If you don't like them, you can clear these auto-mapped lines with a button at the bottom.
- Message Mapper: Lines for entities are distinguished from lines for attributes by the width of the lines.
- Flow designer: Speed of opening is improved when opening onramps and offramps from the bus designer. At the cost of some speed when opening its definitions.
## Bug fixes
- Switching high-availability settings (failover, cluster, # of process containers) multiple times, now connects the recreated containers to the old runtimes if applicable.
- CDM and message designers: When importing, entities with the same name as existing ones are renamed to be unique with the model.
- Create Resources: Fixed an issue where a wrong user was displayed for the changed by on definitions.
- Cloud: Graphs are always in the same order, instead of randomly switching positions.
