Release that extends the new message definition and transformation tooling. In addition, the architecture design has been improved to take up less space and support displaying failover setups. The release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Get a better overview of your integration landscape by easily and clearly including existing integrations outside of eMagiz in the Capture phase of the ILM. When adding or editing an integration, you can simply switch it between an existing external integration and an eMagiz integration. These integrations are then distinguished in the overview.
- Message mappings in Design and Create have a list of errors and warnings in the right panel. These indicate situations in the mapping that the portal identifies as probably incorrect. For example, the Design mapping indicates that you have to map at least the root destination entity. In Design, the unmapped items can be filtered: 1. Both entities and attributes, 2. Entities only, 3. Attributes only.
- Cloud: You can add/remove runtimes to/from cloud VMs, as well as resize the memory allocated to runtimes. This requires template V15 or higher. This means that existing cloud VMs have to be replaced one (more) time to use this.
## Major changes
- Logging aggregation: To avoid large amounts of redundant logging messages, these messages are combined at the runtime when applicable. The first message with the same type and text will still be sent immediately. Further identical messages will be combined if they follow each other within 2 minutes. When this time expires, and for every 1000th message, a logging message including the count of combined messages will be sent to the eMagiz portal. This requires infra-flows with build number 22+ (that is flow version x.x.x.22).
- Message definitions: In Design, more original information is used when importing XSDs. This includes importing the complete tree structure, the correct order of elements and whether attributes in the tree are optional or required.
## Minor changes
- Architecture in Design has a new look that saves space so you can get a better overview. In addition, it can now be used to draw models that include eMagiz failover, clustered, and load-balanced setups.
- Infographics: Most infographics have been updated with new tips and to better any changes in looks and functionality. Press the "Help" button on the right-bottom of many pages to check them out.
- Message definitions: In Create, enumerations can be specified, including their values. To manage these enumerations, click the wrench-icon at the top of the definition.
- Message definitions in Design have a task state (To do/Doing/Done). The CDM designer shows these in the message list to the right. To set the value, go to the message itself and double-click the state indicator (top-right, next to the message name). In addition, you can easily distinguish synchronous and asynchronous messages in the CDM designer. Synchronous messages have two state indicators: one for the request message and one for the response message.
- Message transformations: in Create, transformers and filters can be added to the mapping rules by using the [+] button when in editing mode. Any new items are added to the right of existing ones. Items can be edited or deleted by right-clicking them.
- Message transformations: in Create, two new string transformers are available for attributes: 1. Substring, to get part of a value 2. Replace using regular expression
- Message transformations: in Create, transformers are chained together. It is possible to use multiple transformers after each other. They will be nested in the resulting XSLT: the right- most transformer will be the outer part of the XPath. Custom XPath should only be used as the left-most transformer, as this overwrites anything in front of it. Right-click transformers to move them left or right.
- Message transformations: when going from Design to Create, include automatically generated if-exists filters when both sides are optional.
- Message mappings: Design and Create have the the same highlighting behaviour for both phases.
- User management: When attempting to deactivate a user, the buses for which they are contact will be shown.
- Message transformations: In Create, the XSLT snippet screen includes the <template> tags to indicate where your XSLT snippet will be embedded in the resulting stylesheet. This is explained in more detail by the help text of that operation.

## Bug fixes
- Bus processes: The descriptions in the task list to the right are correct now.
- Bus processes: The tooltip is removed from the screen when you zoom into a flow.
- CDM message designer: The scrollbar is next to the message tree panel instead of disappearing underneath it.
- Message mappings: when exporting to PNG, icons are included.
- Solution design's task list can be double-clicked to go to their details again.
- Fixed a bug where exporting a flow to the store would result in an error when an old definition was included.
## Remarks
Deployment packages created in this release will use build number 22. It is important to note that there is one situation where deploying a flow with build number 22 on a runtime containing older build numbers will break the flow: this will happen when two flows communicate using in-VM JMS connections.

By default, eMagiz buses only use this construction between asynchronous entry connector flows and the connector's infra flow. To guarantee the correct working of your message flows, make sure that within a single connector all asynchronous entry flows and the infra flow are either all using build 21-, or are all using version 22+. In short, if you need to update an asynchronous entry flow, make sure to update the infra flow and all other asynchronous entry flows in that same connector runtime to build number 22 at the same time. Note that other type of flows are not affected, nor should you have to touch any other runtimes.

If you manually added any in-VM JMS connections to your message bus (for example, by adding message tracking or debugging to a flow) you have to update these—together with the infra flow—to build number 22 as well in order to keep using these features.

Depending on the size of your bus and the number of deployments you are planning to do, it might be practical to simply update all flows to build number 22. However, keep in mind that you cannot do an unlimited number of deployments on the same runtime without eventually running out of memory, forcing you to restart to free up some Java PermGen space.
