Release that further extends the new message definition and transformation tooling. In addition, the portal has been upgraded to Mendix 7 and several inconsistenties have been straightened out. The release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## Major changes
- System messages: In Design, more original information is remembered when importing XSDs, so that this can be used in Create. Specifically the following information from the XSD is taken into account:
  - all XSD datatypes
  - the target namespace
  - element form default (qualified/unqualified)
  - whether elements are optional (minOccurs="0") or not
  - enumeration values
- The eMagiz portal has been upgraded to Mendix 7. This should provide slightly better performance across the portal.
## Minor changes
- Transformations: It is now possible to specify parameters for the transformation. These can then be used in custom XPath expressions and XSLT snippets by using the '$variableName' notation.
- Definitions: At the message level, "elementFormDefault" can be set (default is "qualified"). This is especially useful when connecting to a Mendix application.
- Transformations: Entities can be filtered using enumeration values, so that a destination entity is only created if the selected attribute of the source entity has the right enumeration value.
- Capture: Existing integrations now also are blue and dotted in the task panel to the right.
- Transformations: Warnings and errors in the task pane to the right now show the data type of the attribute. Hovering them shows more details. In addition, a clear distinction is made between:
  - Warnings: there is a potential problem in your transformation, but it may still work
  - Errors: the transformation is definitely not going to work without fixing the problem
- Transformations: As opposed to the Design phase, the Create phase transformations will no longer feature icons for the data types. The list of possible data types is endless. Therefore, applying icons causes confusion and incorrect assumptions.
- Flow designer: Shortened the text in the second menu bar (flow title) to better fit on lower resolutions, but still be human-readable.
- Manage: The visible XML payload of an error message can be prettified by pressing a button. This will only influence what you see in your browser right then. The data will be kept intact to keep all whitespace information.
- Bus resources have new icons that better match the eMagiz styling, and should better indicate the different transformation types (message transformations, W3C XLSTs, 'classic' XML transformations) and different definition types (message definitions, W3C XML schemas, 'classic' XML definitions).
## Bug fixes
- Login page: The forget password functionality has returned.
- Capture: Scrollbars are visible when a bus gets bigger, so that you can scroll through your bus without having to use a scroll wheel.
- Monitoring: Going backwards and forwards in time on the statistics pages, now also works properly at the start and end of the month and year.
- Message definitions: During import, whitespace and other weird characters are not allowed in places that will be element names, to avoid breaking XSDs.
- Transformations: Fixed a bug where sometimes a new source attribute would always be added to the last instance of an entity.
- Bus dashboard: Integration counter for the design phase only counts the integrations visible there.
- Definitions: Leading and trailing spaces will be removed from namespace to avoid accidental errors in transformations that were hard to find.
- Cloud: Adding many runtimes to a VM is no longer blocked by the VM name becoming longer than the official standard.
- Cloud: It is no longer possible to add a runtime to a VM if it has been added already.
- Manage: Alert triggers now update their description fields, even if you click on Save immediately after changing values without leaving the field in an other way first.
- Transformation: Tooltips no longer appear behind the mouse cursor, which made them difficult to read.
## Known issues
- Login page: When signing in, the Enter/Return key on the keyboard no longer triggers the sign in button automatically. After entering your username and password you will have to click the sign in button with your mouse, or press Tab first and then hit Enter.
- After performing certain user interface actions in sequence, a bug in Mendix 7.0 may cause all following actions to throw the error "An error has occurred while handling the request. " To continue working in these cases you must refresh your browser (F5). This is known to occur in Create when using the message definition editor, and will be fixed in Mendix 7.1.
