Release that allows remote connectors to be put in stand-by mode. In addition, it further improves the message definition and transformation tooling. The release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Stand-by for connectors. Runtimes can be put to "sleep" and woken up again by the portal. This can prevent bulk logging of failed connections when the JMS server is turned off consciously during development, testing, and acceptance. For cloud slots that are scheduled to shut down after office hours, this will be done automatically. In addition to turning normal eMagiz runtimes to stand-by, Mendix cloud applications can be turned off automatically as well if required. These can also be powered on again from the portal. (#190058; 243291)
## Minor changes
- Transformations in the create phase of the ILM are more consistent with the mappings in design and perform better with large message definitions. Most noticeably, you can now scroll the source and destination trees independently.
- Message definitions and transformations in create can now make use of XSD's "Simple content". These elements can be recognized in the message trees with brackets (). While the name suggests otherwise, this is an expert option. Therefore, it will be set automatically for any newly uploaded system definitions if they have it, and we discourage using it for definitions you build yourself.
- Transformations in the create phase: Conversions from Date/Time to String can be generated easily with a couple of clicks, instead of using custom XPath. With this improvement, more helpful warnings will show when data types do not match.
## Bug fixes
- The message mapping in design would keep displaying warnings that certain elements were required but not mapped , even after changing the elements to be optional.
- The transformations in create would in specific cases still have some unnecessary elements remaining after a change had been made in the design phase. (#255277)
- The classic definitions would not show any elements beyond 5 levels deep. (#266010; 263352)
- Store: Trying to copy flows into the store that have unfinished entities provides clearer errors.
- Q&A: Fixed that certain characters in a post would cause errors for all users viewing a that question.
