# Runtime release notes (4.1.6)
Sixth maintenance release in the eMagiz 4.1.x line. While this release contains no new functionality, it provides forward compatibility with upcoming eMagiz features.
## Minor changes
- Minor changes for forward compatibility.

# Portal release notes (7.19.2)
Release that introduces brand new dashboards in the Deploy and Manage phases. The release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Manage: Brand new dashboard that shows the status of eMagiz runtimes visually. Any runtimes that have currently triggering alerts are indicated, and can quickly be highlighted with several filter options. Double-click on a runtime to see the its statistics.
- Deploy: The new Dashboard keeps track of which flows are supposed to run, and gives you control over that. The functionality of the deprecated pages "Containers", "Packages", and "Runtime Dashboard" is all available from one place. The dashboard has improved features, such as: Remembering the (desired) state of flows, Searching the list of flows, and Preventing errors (e.g. stopping an essential infra flow). The new Transfer can be used to get new integrations into your Testing environment. This works similar to the "Add integrations" in Create. For Acceptance and Production, however, Releases have been introduced to improve control of what is deployed on Production environments. From Testing to Acceptance, flow versions can be added to a release. The release, as a whole, is then accepted (or not) for Production. For now, if the new dashboard doesn't work out for you, the deprecated grid views (e.g. runtime dashboard) can still be used. We plan to remove these pages in the next release.
## Minor changes
- Upgraded the eMagiz portal to Mendix 7.4.0. This update should improve the performance for many actions. In addition, it should solve the known issue where the browser got into a wrong state and kept popping up errors after having done specific actions. The bug preventing edit pages to be opened from a reference selector (particularly noticeable when trying to edit a header enricher or router) is also fixed in this update.
- Create: Transformations clearly indicate that attribute transformations may not be applicable when using custom XSLT snippets.
- Store/Design: Exit connectors for combined entry connectors, such as the DSP connectors, can now be imported from the store.
- Create: Transformations will allow only one filter per line. While previously it visually looked like multiple filters could be added to a single line, only one filter was actually working and all others were completely ignored.
- Create: Flows can now be reset while keeping their version history. This clears the content visible in the flow designer and recreates the flow as if it was now opened for the first time. Attached resources are not deleted, and will still be marked as "in use" by the flow, so you can easily reuse them if needed.
## Bug fixes
- Manage: Auto-generated triggers on Acceptance and Testing no longer have "[Production]" in their descriptions, but now indicated their real environments.
- Design: Selecting the root of an imported XSD with complex content, now works the same as importing it the first time.
- Manage: Runtime statistics can be accessed directly from an alert again. Known issue: it does not look pretty (yet), and other queues cannot be selected form the pop-up.
- Fixed an issue that caused errors when selecting attributes in "classic" transformations, making it impossible to modify them.
