Release that relates all items in the manage phase of the ILM to a specific bus and environment. It also brings a major performance improvement to the graphical representations of large buses and flows. Besides this, it includes several small improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## Major changes
- Major improvements to performance of the graphical bus representations, as well as the flow designer.
- All items in the Deploy and Manage phases of the ILM are now specific to message bus and environment.
## Minor changes
- Added more infographics to the graphical bus editors in the different ILM phases.
- Resources can now be linked to individual flows, without having to use them in any of the flow's components explicitly.
- For systems, technical names and special constructions now have to be set during the design phase of the ILM, before transferring them to the create phase.
- Message types are removed from the create phase of the ILM after removing the last integration that uses them.
- In Q&A, it is possible to immediately ask a new question after you have searched the existing ones. (#183839)
## Bug fixes
- Removing integrations from the create phase of the ILM is now also possible if the integration uses a combined entry connector. (#174372)
- In the capture phase of the ILM, saving an existing message type no longer results in a duplicate name warning. (#183617, 185547)
- In the deploy phase of the ILM, only the packages are shown that are ready for at least the selected environment. (#183818)
- Fixed: Creating an eMagiz Mendix connector with a mapping exit connector required an XSD schema to be set. The schema is now optional. The mapping, however, is required. (#184886)
## Remarks
- The eMagiz Mendix connector is now also available for Mendix 6.
