Release that further extends the functionality and capabilities of the transformation tooling. It also adds many "quality of life" improvements, such as filtering options in Capture, more automation in the new Deploy dashboard, better and more efficient use of available space in some widgets, etc.
## New features
- Added filtering options to Capture: you can add your own tags to systems in the Capture phase that can be used to show/hide parts of your message bus. The same filter is also applied when using "export to PNG". This can be very useful when making pictures of parts of a larger message bus, for example when showing the scope of the next sprint. In future releases the same filtering options will also be added to the other ILM phases. (#257562, 263181)
- In the new deploy dashboard, the transfer step now uses a nice graphical representation of the message bus that allows you to add or remove integrations. This works identical to the transfer step in create.
- In the new deploy dashboard, eMagiz will keep track of what properties are used in each version of every flow. When deploying or starting a flow, eMagiz will first check if all the required properties are set and will ask you for any missing values before starting the flow.
- Added the following new functionality to XML transformations:
  - When mapping to a list of entities, you can now indicate that you want an additional (static) number of entities in the output. To do this, in the message mapping right click the destination entity list and select "Add copy". Then in the transformation you'll notice additional output entities that you can use. Because these additional output entities do not have any corresponding input entities, this is mainly useful for static values. Also note that when using these additional entities, eMagiz will by default generate all possible combinations of lines in the create phase based on your message mapping in the design phase. You can however simply remove any of the unwanted lines in your transformation by right clicking them.
  - New type of operation: static input (visually shown as a green circle). This operation is used to provide static values for output attributes, either by providing a constant value or by selecting one of the transformation's parameters.
  - All data types now have their own transformers, only giving you options to choose from that actually make sense for that specific data type.
  - Consistency checks now also check the compatibility of data types when performing multiple operations on an attribute. If those operations are not compatible, this will result in an error or warning to help you solve any data type conversion issues.
  - The token "[%previousOutput%]" is now available when typing custom XPath expressions in transformers. When running the transformation, this token is replaced by the output of the preceding operation (another transformer or the new static input operation), or by the value of the mapped input attribute if it is the first operation. With this new token you can easily combine standard transformers with custom XPath transformers, where previously you had to manually combine everything into one big XPath expression.
- (Beta) Added compare functionality to the history tab of the flow editor, allowing you to see the differences between two versions of a flow. Note that (for now) this feature is only available for beta users and only works on versions created since this release.
## Minor changes
- The bus architecture pictures in Design and in Monitoring are more compact when not in edit mode, giving a better overview for larger buses.
- Previously, names that are too long to fit on the screen in many of the eMagiz widgets were cut off at a fixed position. In many cases however more of the name could actually fit in the screen, while in some other cases the name would still be too long to fit. Now the names are cut off dynamically, depending on the actual space that is available.
- Made validations more strict to prevent problems during deployment: technical names of buses can no longer contain hyphens (-), and dots (.) are no longer allowed in host names.
- In the CMD and message models, you can now easily 'straighten' your relationships by right clicking and selecting "straighten". This will try to make the relationship either fully horizontal or fully vertical (depending on the orientation of the connection points). Note that this will not do anything if the entities do not at least partially align horizontally or vertically. (#252265)
- You should now be able to remove integrations from your bus that have been deployed in the past, by first removing it from all three environments in Deploy, then from Create, and then from Capture & Design.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed an issue in message mappings where using the collapse/expand functionality in combination with filtering did not work correctly.
- Fixed some typos in the user interface. (#275963, 275758, 277295)
