Release that adds Group By and Aggregations as operations for transformations. As the Group By was the main reason for still using the classic transformations, it is now no longer possible to create new classic transformations. In addition, the new deploy dashboard has been disabled for now, and the release includes many other minor improvements.
## New features
- Transformations: Group By and Aggregations are available as options when building a transformation. They can be added with the [+] on an applicable line. The icons are blue trapeziums: a "flipped splitter" for those accustomed to the flow designer. Group By is mainly applicable when transforming from a flat file to a structured message. Aggregation can be used for several actions on lists, for example, calculating the total weight of an order based on weights in its order lines. Both operations only apply when the input is a list. In addition, Group By needs a list as output as well. For advanced use, the operations can be used in combination.
## Major changes
- Deploy: The new dashboard has been disabled. This is decided because, in the near future, it would change much again. Now you don't have to learn how the in-between version works.
## Minor changes
- Deprecated: Classic transformations. It is no longer possible to create new classic transformations. For now, it will remain possible to edit them.
- Store: Definitions and transformations built in the new tooling will now be included in flows that are in the store as XSDs and XSLTs. As this only applies to newly added versions of flows in the store, developers of store content may want to add a new version of their content.
- Deploy: Several different buttons called "Deploy" previously, now have new names. They still have exactly the same functionality and position as they used to have, but their names now better reflect that they actually do different things. The buttons on the Containers page are now named "Build new version(s)". The buttons on the Packages page are now called "Install".
## Bug fixes
- Manage: Pop-ups of graphs from an alert or the monitoring dashboard now show (near) full-screen, so it is easier to see their content. In addition, the selection fields are filled, so it is possible to select other data as well.
- Store: Annotations are imported and exported properly again.
- Definitions and transformations: Fixed specific cases in which the Changed Date and Changed By did not update.
- Transformations: Optional items no longer have the last part of their last letter cut off visually.
- IE11: Fixed that several of the bus visualizations would not work in Internet Explorer 11.
- CDM and system message definitions: Fixed an error showing up when changing cardinalities. The error would not break anything, but was annoying and confusing. (#289533, 294689)
- Definitions: Certain XSDs with multiple enumerations could not be imported anymore. This has been fixed. (#289838, 291738)
- Transformations: Static values for booleans now work as they should. (#289362, 292032)
- Across the ILM phases: The vertical scrollbar works again, even when the task/filter-panel is minimized. (#291802, 289003, 281412)
## Remarks
- To use properties for any system new in the Deploy phase, you have to use the "Build new versions" on the Container page at least once.
