Release that provides tags and filtering on integrations in the Capture, Design, and Create phases. Next to that, importing of system message definitions in the Design phase has been improved. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Message definitions: In the design phase, new options to import (system) message definitions are available. The preferred option is now to import the definition that was uploaded in the Capture phase directly. Another new option is to derive the system message from the CDM message.
- Tags can now be set on integrations in the Capture phase. These tags can be used to filter the visualizations of your bus, across all phases. Setting tags on systems remains the same as it was, and basically serves as a shortcut for setting a tag on all the integrations connected to a system.
## Major changes
- Cloud: Testing and acceptance cloud slots that are automatically set to stand by at night, can also be woken up automatically in the morning. If this is enabled, the slot will be woken up on Mondays to Fridays. Please contact your partner manager to enable this for you if you need it.
## Minor changes
- Store: For entry and exit connectors, icons are shown on the main page to identify them. In addition, a search field on descriptions is available. This makes it easier to find the items you want. (#269553)
- Create: The order of integrations per system now matches the order in Design and Capture. In all phases, you now see the integrations that are going from systems to the bus at the top of a system, and the way back at the bottom of a system. Within each of these sets the order is alphabetical.
## Bug fixes
- XML message definitions: When transferring bus settings from Design to Create, and the setting to "Enforce CDM best practices" has been enabled, this may change your definitions. Especially, the namespace will be set to the best practice namespace. This update is now reflected in the "Changed by" and "Changed date" fields, as well as in the downloaded XSDs. However, please be aware that the version numbers of flows may not update when you do this. In addition, any buses that have had this situation in the past two months, will need manual adjustment.
- XML message definitions: Fixed an issue when importing an XSD with complex content using multiple inheritance. (#296710)
- XML to String transformer: Fixed that the transformer would not work if you did not go to the advanced tab before saving a manually added transformer.
- Transfer from Design to Create: It is no longer possible to transfer an integration twice if it is part of an exit/entry-connector.
- Mendix connector configuration: Validation of the bus connection SSL settings (key store and trust store, username and password) now match the actually required settings (less strict than before).
- Changed the behaviour of scrollbars in several places to at least show a scrollbar when it is required, but minimize the amount of times it shows up when it is not needed. (#279929)
- Deploy: Improved the behaviour when a runtime fetches a flow version from the portal. This should avoid issues when two runtimes request the same flow at the same time. While this is almost impossible to achieve manually, it does occur in HA setups in the cloud.
