Release that further extends the functionality and capabilities of the definition tooling, specifically with Restrictions. In addition, it tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Message definitions: The tooling now supports Restrictions on attributes. For example, it is possible to set the maximum length allowed for String fields. Restrictions can be set in the Create phase when you select a field of your definition. In addition, they will be imported when uploading an XSD. (#313454)
## Minor changes
- Transferring architecture settings from Design to Create is split up, so that you can transfer the amount of process containers independent form the connection settings.
- Transformations: The static input operation supports "empty string" with an easy-to-use checkbox. This is useful for transforming to those systems that require the entities to be there always, even if their content is empty. (#302566, 300578)
## Bug fixes
- Message definitions: The messages tree is now editable with the "pencil" again in Firefox.
- Fixed several issues in the transformers between XML and Flat files, and in the related File item reader. (#267176, 274132, 276325, 312390, 292384, 202773)
- Transformations: Decimals used in static input, and some other places, no longer result in the scientific notation. (#308177)
- Q&A: When subscribed to questions you will get notifications by email. (#309821)
- Jetty server: Setting a basic security handler no longer throws a permission error. (#270957)
- Transfer: Untransferring an integration of a combined entry connector is possible when you have changed the system name. (#311318)
- Fixed broken links in XPath expression help texts. (#311418)
- Cloud: Auto-shutdown of Mendix applications now has the correct list of systems. (#312621)
- Transformations: In conditional operations, Custom XPath are generated correctly.
