# Runtime release notes (emc 2.4.0)
Update adding Spring 4 support (including Spring 2 compatibility), as well as several user interface improvements.
## New features
- Multi-selection is now supported for the actions 'start', 'stop', 'toggle auto-start' and 'delete'. To better support you when making (large) selections, we've also added new search options and 'select/deselect all' buttons to the overview. The validations are also changed accordingly: when starting multiple flows for example, the connector will check if the end result is a valid combination of flows before attempting to start them. (#278758, 181338)
- Added consistency checks when toggling auto-start. Previously you could enable auto-start on any combination of flows, even "invalid" combinations such as multiple versions of the same flow or entry flows without a request handler. Now the connector will first check if the full set of auto-start enabled flows is a valid combination, otherwise it will not change anything and let you know why. Note that for backwards compatibility with existing connectors that have an invalid auto-start configuration, during Mendix startup this validation is skipped to ensure the same behaviour after updating. The first time you try to change anything in the user interface however, you'll first have to fix the issues.
- When uploading new configurations, you can now choose to have 'auto-start' enabled for all newly imported flows by default. If any imported configurations are different versions of existing ones, 'auto-start' on those existing configurations will automatically be disabled.
## Major changes
- Similar to the standard eMagiz runtime, the eMagiz Mendix Connector has been upgraded to run on Spring 4. For backwards compatibility with (older) existing buses that are still running Spring 2 flows, the connector now also includes the "compatibility mode" feature. This mode is automatically enabled when the rest of the bus is running in compatibility mode too, as configured by the 'emagiz.extension.spring2.compatibility' property.
## Minor changes
- Pressing any of the action buttons (start, stop, etc) no longer clears your selection.
- Included beautiful eMagiz icons that you can use in (for example) the navigation menu of your Mendix app. (#123916)
## Remarks
- Running the connector in the Mendix cloud, or with cloud security emulation enabled, will provide a warning at startup that a Java property cannot be retrieved. It is not harmful, as the component will fallback to the default value. The warning mentions: access denied ("java.util.PropertyPermission" "hornetq.enforce.maxreplica" "read").

# Portal release notes (7.26.0)
Release that provides tags and filtering in the Architecture Design. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Design: Tagging and filtering are available in the Architecture, similar to the other visualizations of the bus.
## Minor changes
- A JavaScript library used cross the portal, jQuery, has been updated to fix a potential security vulnerability.
- Message definitions and transformations: data types with custom restrictions now have a visual indication in the message tree. Square brackets [] surrounding the XSD data type indicate that an attribute has custom restrictions. Hovering over the attribute shows a summary of these restrictions.
- Create: From the flow designer it is possible to create a deployment package when not in editing mode, by pressing Deploy in the right bottom of the screen
- Slightly improved performance of visualizations of the bus across the portal.
- CDM and message designer: Several actions that impact (much) more than what is visible in the current screen will now provide a warning first.
- Message definitions: If a message does not have a root yet, you can now use the (+) to add one.
- The styling of the context menu (right mouse button) in our widgets has been changed to better match the look and feel of the other user interface elements.
## Bug fixes
- Create: Restrictions in the message definitions have better validations (#317220, 317230)
- Transformations: Static copies can now only be added to the original entities, to avoid copies of copies misbehaving. For example, it would not be possible to delete attribute rules from them.
- Message definitions: Fixed that importing XSDs with simple content using multiple inheritance did not work correctly.
- Manage: When creating new alert triggers, the monitored objects, such as JMS queues, can be selected without having to save the trigger first.
- Cloud: When removing a JMS server, and adding it back immediately, the firewall rules are set correctly.
- Community: Several links in the documentation have been fixed. The XML Schemas for several eMagiz components are now available from the Store.
- Capture: Fixed that it was not possible to cancel while on the screen to add a new message type to an integration. In addition, a new message type will now be automatically selected when created from a new integration. (#314393)
- Transformations: Fixed that, in a specific case, entity rules would remain in Create after they were removed from Design. This would leave the transformation impossible to be opened.
- Create: The order of fields can be switched again in EDI Mappings
- Message definitions: Fixed that importing an XSD with multiple root elements would result in undesired behaviour in Create when drawing entity rules incorrectly in Design. (#319299)
