Release that provides a better history of changes in message definitions and mappings in the Design phase of the ILM . Next to that, the transfer page form Design to Create has been improved and now includes the ability to transfer tenants. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Design: The history of changes to message mappings is available through the "History" button at the bottom of the message mapping screen. This is similar to the history of message definitions.
## Major changes
- Design & Create: Transferring tenants from Design to Create is possible and visible in the "Add integrations" visualization of a bus. The old buttons for this have been removed from the bus settings.
## Minor changes
- Upgraded the eMagiz portal to Mendix 7.11.0. This update should solve the known issue where the portal would provide an error message to the user while nothing was wrong. For example, when a flow was reset or undesigned, and when an integration was removed from the Create phase.
- Homepage: If you have multiple buses, it is now always possible to set their order according to your personal preferences. previously, this was only possible if you had permissions in more than five buses. (#323478)
- Manage: Changed the screen which allows you to disable multiple triggers at once, so that you can see the current environment when on that screen. (#325481)
- Manage: For the default triggers, added the word "The" to the message of the start trigger of JMS queues, so that it matches the daily reminder and end trigger. This only affects newly generated triggers. (#326820)
- Deploy: Standby mode for test and acceptance cloud slots has been improved. Especially when running in a high-availability or multi-tenant setup.
- Create: "Generate all infras" is available directly from the Bus processes page, instead of only from Topology.
- Improved the performance of the flow designer when opening (large) flows. This is the first step in a series of improvements of the flow designer: expect more changes and performance improvements in the upcoming releases.
## Bug fixes
- Deploy: Removing cloud VMs no longer resets the JMS host and port properties.
- Design: Fixed that system message definitions could not be cleared by using the "Clear" button in specific cases. (#322213)
- Design: Fixed that removing the root entity of a CDM message definition was not possible in specific cases. (#323377)
- Design & Create: Fixed that the collapse behaviour of the message mapping and transformations would stop working in specific cases. (#316490, 317968)
- Design: Fixed that, when designing a system message definition, drawing a line towards the root entity could add other entities unexpectedly. (#317984)
- Design: Fixed that, in the message mapping, using search multiple times would result in the message no longer showing if a search did not find any results. (#324532)
- Design: Fixed that, in the history of a message definition, the relation name could be replaced by "null" in specific cases. This only affects future changes. The existing history with this text is not altered.
- Store: Fixed the styling on the developer page, so that buttons are inn the right place and do not overlap other items.
- Design: Fixed that, in the history of a message definition, you could not see that a definition was imported. This only affects future imports. The existing history is not altered.
- Create: Fixed that XML message definitions would allow Complex and Simple types with the same name when using enumerations in a specific way. (#321899)
- Design: Fixed that in message mappings several warning would be removed unexpectedly in specific cases. (#323607)
- Across the portal, several buttons no longer trigger twice if you double-click on them. Especially in the Design phase, this could lead to unexpected behaviour, such as having double root entities for a message definition.
## Known issues
- Manage: Attempting to access the dashboard results in an error.
