Release that makes working with the portal easier, such as automatically generating infra flows, filtering integrations when transferring them, and an audit trail for properties. Next to that, you can learn more about eMagiz by watching eMagiz Academy videos from within the portal. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Community: Watch eMagiz Academy videos straight from the portal to learn the basics and find out how to use advanced features.
## Major changes
- Create: Easily access infra flows directly from the Bus processes by right-clicking on the appropriate bus component. This replaces the Topology page.
- Create: Infra flows are automatically generated when they are first needed. You no longer need to open them just for the sake of generating them, nor do you need to press the button to generate all infra flows (unless you removed flows manually).
## Minor changes
- Create: In transformations with static copies in lists, attribute rules of those static copies can be deleted (as long as it not the last one connected to a source attribute).
- Create: Improved performance when working with large transformations in general. In addition, loading onramp and offramp flows if they have a large transformation is faster, especially when pressing start/stop editing.
- Create: SFTP session factories can use a relative filepath for key stores, instead of a hard-coded one. This means that the construction with "file:" is no longer necessary.
- Manage: Set percentage values in addition to fixed amounts, when setting monitoring alert triggers on the memory levels of runtimes. The percentage is based on the reported value compared to the reported limit. (#327429, 214296)
- Design to Create: Filter on tags and state when transferring integrations between Design and Create. In addition, see the list of changes that will be applied when saving the selection.
- Design and Manage: Easily see that containers are deployed multiple times in both the Architecture view and the monitoring dashboard of the bus. In addition, quickly find which containers belong together by hovering over them. (#275151)
- Deploy: The history of changes to properties is recorded and visible, so you can see who changed what and when. Changes will be recorded starting this release, so previous changes will not be visible. (#326703, 304296)
- Create: Added new support components to the flow designer: WSS4J security interceptor and Merlin Crypto. These components enable using the WS-Security standard on Outbound WS gateways. To deploy these, packages with at least build number 25 are required and the runtime you deploy to must run on Java 8.
## Bug fixes
- Manage: It is possible to search in code mappings again. (#330058, 329489)
- Manage: The monitoring dashboard can be accessed again, fixing the known issue of last release. (#331383)
