Release that provides several improvements to the Create phase, as wel as enabling AWS cloud deployments. Next to that, the looks of XML are more beautiful. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Deploy: AWS cloud deployments. Next to our other cloud setup, eMagiz can now run in the Amazon Web Services cloud. Buses in the AWS cloud can be set up and controlled directly from the eMagiz portal. To enable AWS cloud for your bus(es), please contact your partner manager.
## Major changes
- Create: The Flow designer has had a major upgrade, which makes it faster and work better.
- Create: The bus processes have a state that you can set. Easily toggle state between To do, Doing, and Done directly from the bottom bar in flows. This works similar to the state of integrations and systems in Capture and Design.
- Create: In many places where you see XML, you now see beautifully styled XML. Among others, this includes the XSD view for message definitions in onramp and offramp flows. Besides syntax highlighting, e.g. colours for tags, it is also possible to collapse sections, search for keywords (ctrl+F), and prettify/indent.
## Minor changes
- Design: When designing system messages, the buttons "Toggle canvas mode" and "Select root" have been switched, so they better match the CDM message designer. In turn, we hope that this helps to not accidentally confuse the two functions.
- Across the portal, help texts have had a styling update to be more consistent and beautiful.
- Create: From the bus processes, you can now reset or even "undesign" flows from the context menu (right mouse click). This was the last feature from the old "component list" view in bus settings, which was not accessible from the visual representation of the bus yet. Therefore, the component list has been deprecated. Additional new options from the context menu include opening the request handler for an eMagiz-Mendix connector, and opening the connector infra flow from the system.
- Across the portal, the text and styling of many "dangerous" buttons has been improved. We hope this helps to avoid accidentally executing these actions.
- Capture: The attachment screen provides an overview of all the documents attached to integrations in the Capture phase.
- The eMagiz portal is slightly better accessible from smartphones.
## Bug fixes
- Create: When using Export to PNG from the bus processes, a combined entry connector now shows its icon properly in the resulting picture. (#336945)
- Create: It is no longer possible to mess up your visual representation of the bus by dragging systems with the secondary mouse button. (#337646)
- The portal loads again in IE11. (#328495)
- Create: Long annotations can now be seen completely in read-only mode in the flow designer. (#335960)
## Known issues
- Create: If you press "Start editing" or "Stop editing" while you have a pop-up for a component open, an error will show.
