# Runtime release notes (4.1.1)
First maintenance release in the eMagiz 4.1.x line.
## New features
- Added support for pre-configured runtime downloads
- The prompt now shows runtime information
## Bug fixes
- Fixed a bug regarding the eMagiz keymanager

# Portal release notes (7.3.0)
Release that has the 4.x line of the eMagiz runtime as default for new buses. This "OSGi" line enables hot deployment of flows, remote control of flows from the eMagiz portal, and extra monitoring options. To further promote the use of this line, two brand-new time-saving features are included for the 4.x line: 1. Download a pre-configured runtime, 2. Deploy and test flows without creating new versions.
In addition, the flow designer's performance has been improved, and some of it's hard-to-get-to issues have been tackled. Several other minor improvements and issues have been handled as well.
## New features
- New buses are "OSGi" by default. This is the 4.x line of the eMagiz runtime, which has hot deployment, remote control, and extra monitoring options.
- Download a pre-configured runtime from the portal. Select the container from the containers list in the deploy phase of the ILM, and press "Download runtime". The downloaded runtime will be specifically configured for the selected container. The JMS settings and portal credentials are set, as well as runtime name and environment. In addition, best practices for memory settings and folder names are included. Of course, it is still possible to manually override any of these settings in the configuration files.
- On an "OSGi" runtime in your test environment, deploy and test flows without creating new versions. To make use of this feature, ensure that you have a runtime running in your test environment, and started editing a flow. Then, while editing the flow, press "Export" and "Deploy to test". As the name implies, the flow will be deployed to the test environment. To avoid mistakes, you still have to start the flow from the runtime dashboard (tip: keep the runtime dashboard open in a second browser-tab).
## Minor changes
- Updated portal to Mendix 5.21.2
- Definitions: Extract of definitions now works with complex types.
- Reduced the amount of screen space the feedback button occupies
## Bug fixes
- Fixed: On low resolutions, all menu items are available again.
- Fixed: In the flow designer, routers gave errors in the task list even though every attribute was filled correctly. (#126647, 172587, 165804, 110485, 135453)
- Fixed: Flow designer now shows the errorChannel right away after connecting it to an object (#75557)
- Fixed: In the flow designer, we fixed several situations in which channels would disappear. (#137754)
- Fixed: In the flow designer, we fixed an issue where the channel of discard ports would get disconnected. (#32832)
- Fixed: Definitions - It is now possible to change the data type back from Long to Integer. (#185628)
- Fixed: Definitions - In some cases, build-in type selection didn't work properly (#185596)
- Fixed: Definitions - Extracting part of a definition now exports used global simple types (#149072)
