Release that makes it easy to spot the difference between flow versions in the Create phase of the ILM. Next to that, the AWS cloud has been updated with several new features. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues across the portal.
## New features
- Create: Compare versions of flows to easily spot the difference. From the history of every flow, you can now clearly see what was changed in each version. It is possible to compare previous versions to each other, as well as to compare a previous version to the current version of a flow. While comparing, you can select components to see changes to their details by double clicking on them. You can choose to see only the changed values, or all values of a component. By selecting a value, you can quickly compare the exact changes as the values are shown below each other and changes are highlighted.
## Minor changes
- Capture: Detail screens of integrations and systems have been updated with a slightly better look and feel. The help texts can now be activated by clicking the information icon (i) at the top right, and the applicable help text will be shown whenever you select a field or click its label. In addition, to avoid confusion, long labels no longer run into the entered texts. (#325298)
- Deploy: Three new features for buses running in the eMagiz AWS Cloud (which will be enabled progressively):
  - Clean store: Completely clear the message store of the JMS servers, including stopping the servers, clearing the content of all queues, and starting them again.
  - Restart runtime: Stop and start a single runtime, while keeping the currently installed flows and restarting those that were started previously.
  - Reset runtime: Completely clear a runtime and start it anew, including removing all flows and installing the current infra flow that is available from the eMagiz portal.
- Across the portal: Many context menus (right-mouse click) have been improved to clearly show the default action (double click).
- Bus dashboard: The percentage for the Create phase of the ILM is now based on the state of flows (to do, doing, done) that was introduced in the previous release.
- Create: You can now use javax.* functionality in SpEL expressions.
## Bug fixes
- Deploy: Packages show their creation time in UTC, instead of localized, to match the time values throughout the rest of the portal. (#351506)
- Create: In the flow designer, changing channels from a pop-up could lead to unexpected layouts of channels in specific cases (e.g. diagonals). This was a display problem that was corrected when reopening the flow. The issue has now been fixed. (#346969)
## Known issues
- Bus dashboard: For every bus, the first change of state of a flow in the Create phase will trigger the new calculation for the percentage in the Bus dashboard. This calculation now uses the flow state. If you have not (yet) set the state of your flows, the percentage may drop drastically the first time you change a state.
