Release that adds a memory health-check to the AWS cloud in the Deploy phase of the ILM. Next to that, confirmation pop-ups for actions that are "dangerous" now have red buttons to warn you. And payloads of failed messages are easier to read. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues across the portal.
## Minor changes
- Deploy: For the AWS cloud you can now see whether an instance still has enough memory ("Healthy"), or that all the container running on it combined need more memory than available ("Unhealthy").
- Design: Response system message definitions can now also be imported from the Capture phase. (#354958)
- Across the portal: Confirmation dialogues on "dangerous" actions now have red confirmation buttons to more clearly indicate the danger.
- Create: From the flow designer, the unused component "Custom service activator" was removed. (#303177)
- Manage: The failed message of an Error message is now beautifully styled (color highlighting), searchable (ctrl+F after clicking on the message), and collapsible (small arrows in the left gutter). In addition, a better way to prettify the message is available (small square to the left bottom). These features mainly apply for XML and JSON messages. To easier see the payload, the headers have been placed on a separate tab.
- Upgraded the portal to Mendix 7.14.1
- Across the portal: Many context menus (right-mouse click) have been improved to clearly show the default action (double click). Specifically, this has been extend to the Design Architecture and the Monitoring Dashboard since the last release. In addition, the functionality has been improved.
- Create: In a transformation, a date/time-transformer will show the XSLT-button when custom XPath is used, so you can see the result within the context. (#352088)
- In preparation of future iPaaS changes, the eMagiz WS URL used by newly downloaded eMagiz runtimes has changed to "https://rts.emagiz.com/ws/". All existing runtimes can still use the old URL ("https://my.emagiz.com/ws/"), but updating this at some point is encouraged. This setting ("emagiz.ws.url") can be found in the "etc/com.emagiz.cfg" config file of your on-premises runtime deployments. Runtimes in the eMagiz cloud do not need to be changed manually.
- The "MappingAdministration", "MappingAdministrationV2", "MappingAdministrationV3" and "ReportingService" (public) web services all have a new URLs of the form "https://api.emagiz.com/ws/..." (replace the dots with the service name). If you are using one of these services, please update the URL. The services themselves and the WSDLs are not changed at all.
## Bug fixes
- Create: Fixed that the Changed by Date and Changed by User of Message Definitions and Message Transformations could change when it was downloaded. (#357840)
- Create: Fixed that the transfer of architectural Design settings (e.g. failover) could fail in specific cases due to the cluster settings not being applied to the existing JMS server.
- Capture: After adding a tenant to a system, this shows up immediately now. (#354092)
