Maintenance release completing the implementation of the new context menu, and containing many small improvements and fixes.
## New features
- The architecture widget, the message mapping widget, and the transformation widget now all use the new context menu (right mouse click).
## Minor changes
- Deploy - Properties: Improved sizing of history pop-up. (#358828)
- Upgraded the eMagiz portal to Mendix 7.15.1.
- There is now a upper limit on the size of log, error, and debug messages, to prevent out-of-memory issues when processing very large messages.
- Improved the help texts of the HTTP outbound gateway, explaining how the 'Content-Type' and payload conversions works. This can be useful when sending complex HTTP messages, such as 'multipart/form-data' requests.
- The eMagiz XPath functions (such as 'ezx:format-dateTime') now also work outside of XSLTs, for example in the XPath header enricher.
- The Java, Karaf and eMagiz version numbers are now logged during startup of a runtime and are visible on the iPaaS log entries page. This feature is automatically available for (infra) flows from build number 28 onwards.
## Bug fixes
- Create - Transformations: Fixed that moving transformers left and right did not show up in the transformation until one of them was opened and saved. (#358915)
- Create - Flow designer: Selecting a resource is now easier if a flow has many resources, as the pop-up will properly show a scrollbar.
- Create - Flow designer: In the component selection menu on the left, the scrollbar can be used again when you expand the menu.
- The 'OK' buttons in the flow designer are now green again and no longer red.
- Create - Flow designer: fixed an issue where a wire tap on a channel would not be properly displayed.
