Release that adds improved features to new AWS cloud slots. Next to this, a component in the flow designer has been added, and one removed. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues across the portal.
## Major changes
- AWS cloud: Slots created from this moment on have new features. For example, it is now possible to set routes from the eMagiz portal, and do further migrations in a non-service affecting manner. In addition, these slots use eMagiz runtime version 5 and Java 8 Contact your partner manager for upgrading existing slots to enable these features.
## Minor changes
- The eMagiz portal has been upgraded to Mendix 7.17.2. The JMS server of the eMagiz iPaaS has been upgraded to Artemis and eMagiz runtime version 5.
- Design and Create: The message definitions and transformation menu items appear in a intuitive order: Now they match the order in which you use them in a flow. In addition, the system message item also shows up in exit connector flows, as they use the definition.
- Create - flow designer: Added new component (OSGi reference for JMS connection factory) in preparation for upcoming new features. While it is a fully functional component, you should not have to use it: essentially, the component will form the basis of features that will be added in future releases. When those features are released, the component will be part of auto-generated flows, similar to how the entire JMS layer is automatically created by eMagiz.
- Create - flow designer: Removed 'recursive leaf-only directory scanner' support object, which had been deprecated since portal version 7.24, and was no longer used. It has been superseded by the 'watch service' feature.
## Bug fixes
- Menu: Fixed that the flow title would remain in the screen when going to Deploy from within a flow.
 -Design - message mapping: The arrows you draw, nicely follow the mouse pointer, instead of being in the wrong position.
