Release that helps you to make more beautiful models by making it easier to have straight lines in your flows. Next to that, the last part of the URL of the portal changed to allow sharing links to questions and apps. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues across the portal.
## Major changes
- Create - Flow designer: Easily get straight lines. The portal can now align components of your flow on a straight line automatically. Select multiple components (drag-select or ctrl+click) and right click on them to use the Align possibilities. In addition, the snap-to-grid and the guidelines have been tweaked, so it is easier to draw straight lines yourself. (#373559)
- Across the portal, the URL has changed. For example, on most pages, you will see https://my.emagiz.com/p/ez now. For Store apps and Community questions, this allows accessing a specific app or question directly, so you can bookmark them or send a link to others.
## Minor changes
- Create - Flow designer: Improved availability of message definitions, depending on the type of flow. For example, system messages are also visible for synchronous entry connectors (to see their response definition), and eMagiz-Mendix connector exit flows (to see their validation definition). In the request handler of eMagiz-Mendix connectors, message definitions and transformations are no longer shown. In addition, the Resources page is available again for the request handler. (#376943, 376947)
- Create - bus processes: When filtering on tags, the context menu (right mouse click) can still be used now. (#377304)
- Create - Flow designer: Improved help texts of several components. (#373238, 378230)
- The eMagiz portal has been upgraded to Mendix 7.18.1.
- Create - Flow designer: The eMagiz-Mendix connector exit connectors now have two new expert-level settings for timeouts. To use these settings, please use the latest version of the connector (emc2.5.0). If you stick to the best practice defaults (leave the fields empty), your flows will still run on the previous version. For details, see the runtime release notes.
- AWS Cloud: As a default, when any new AWS Cloud slot is created, it will be generated to match the Architecture in the Design phase of the ILM. Therefore, please take care of designing your architecture well and capturing this in the portal for every applicable environment.
## Bug fixes
- Create - Flow designer: In a validation filter, the "View" button for a message definition takes you to the definition again now. (#378477)
- Create - Flow designer: Fixed that you had to place the mouse pointer slightly higher than end points of channels if you wanted to drag them. It should be much easier to connect components again. For example, you can add a channel between two (new) components quickly by dragging from the output circle of one component to the input triangle of the other component.
- Create - Flow designer: In Internet Explorer, the names of components are in the right place, instead of halfway the component.
- Bus dashboard: When making changes to your bus, the numbers on the bus dashboard will update when you go back to it (by clicking on the bus name).
## Known issues
- Design - CDM: When opening the CDM with the infographic enabled (e.g. the first time you access it), the loading bar will not disappear anymore. To workaround this, enable "Do not show again" on the infographic and refresh the page. If you want to access the infographic again, you can use the Help button at the left bottom of the CDM (and many other pages).
- Create - Classic definitions and transformations: Images are not loaded currently.
