Release that adds the option to limit editing privileges for the CDM and CDM message definitions. Next to that, memory calculations for AWS cloud are refined. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues across the portal.
## Major changes
- Bus permissions: Editing the CDM and CDM message definitions can be limited for individual users, while still allowing editing of system message definitions for them. This helps to avoid breaking many integrations with a single action accidentally (e.g. changing the root of a CDM message). Users who were able to edit the CDM previously, still have those rights, but it can be turned off for them. For any new users you add to a bus, editing the CDM has to be allowed explicitly if you want them to. (#352983)
## Minor changes
- Across the portal: Minor textual improvements. (#395475, 399003)
- Create - Flow designer: Adding multiple resources from the bus to a flow is easier, as you can multi select them now. (#399710)
- Create - Flow designer: Updated Job component with a AWS (S3) Redshift item writer.
- Deploy - AWS cloud: Improved memory calculations for process containers to make better use of available memory.
- Updated the following Java libraries (these are updated automatically when deploying flows, you do not need to install a new runtime version):
  - Spring Integration: 4.3.9 → 4.3.17
  - Spring Framework: 4.3.8 → 4.3.20
  - Spring Batch: 3.0.7 → 3.0.9
  - Spring Security: 4.2.2 → 4.2.8
  - Spring Security OAuth: 2.1.0 → 2.1.3
  - Spring Web Services: 2.4.0 → 2.4.3
  - Netty: 4.1.30 → 4.1.31
  - Spring Retry: 1.1.5 → 1.2.2
  - Joda Time: 2.9.9 → 2.10.1
  - Apache HttpComponents HttpCore: 4.3.3 → 4.4.10
  - Apache HttpComponents HttpClient: 4.3.6 → 4.5.6
  - Jackson JSON processor: 2.7.4 → 2.7.9
- When doing 'application/json' HTTP GET calls from eMagiz using a custom REST template with an Apache HttpComponents request factory, the default charset (when the server does not specify anything) is now 'UTF-8' instead of 'ISO-8859-1'.
## Bug fixes
- Manage - Error messages: Fixed the known issue that the paging numbers would no longer update when going back to the first page. (#394880, 384882, 395330)
- Create - Add integration: Improved performance for large buses, so that loading these should time out no longer. (#399366, 399413)
- Create - Flow designer: Fixed that in combined entry connectors the ID of the last channels were generated based on the display name instead of the technical name, which would lead to validation errors. (#400304, 399477)
## Remarks
- Deploy: Build number 34 mainly includes changes to avoid specific issues in future deployments. While actively updating to this version has no direct benefits, for clean deployments it is advised to use only 34 (or newer) build numbers.
