Release that brings a major update to the Deploy phase for new buses: Releases. They provide you with better control over what is deployed on each environment. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Deploy - Releases
  - In the Deploy phase of the ILM, releases provide you with more control over what is deployed on each environment. While a release can be seen as simply a "group of flow versions", the implications reach far beyond that. For example, using releases, you can ensure that you deploy the same set of flows on Production that was actually accepted in the test on Acceptance. In addition, you can compare what is running on an environment to other environments and the Create phase.
  - Create a new release either based on a previous release, or on the current state of the Create phase. You can add and remove complete integrations with simple clicks, and change versions of individual flows through the context menu. Compare multiple releases easily to see the differences between them or compare them to the current state of Create. Just click one of the releases, and select the other as well by using Ctrl+Click. Deletions, additions and changes will show up visually. Install all flows of a release to your current environment with minimal effort. The eMagiz portal will detect which new flows have to be installed, after which a single click is enough to install them all. Promote a release to the next environment after testing it to ensure that what you will run there is what was actually tested.
  - Starting, stopping, and uninstalling flows remains a manual action for now. However, some helpful shortcuts are available. For example, the action "Clean old flows", to remove older flow versions after running the latest release, and "Check releases state", which will attempt to determine whether the right flows are currently running and allow you to easily make the changes required.
## Minor changes
- Design - Create: Transferring more integrations than specified in you contract may be blocked. When your bus starts to exceed the size allowed by your contract, no extra integrations can be transferred from Design to Create. Please contact your Partner Manager when you run into this.
- The eMagiz portal has been upgraded to Mendix 7.22.2. This should result in several minor performance improvements.
- Capture: When editing an integration, the Message Content tab shows up to ten attachments in the grid. This should help to avoid missing attachments when there are more than three. (#403518)
- Infra flows using the new build number (35) have an improvement that increases the responsiveness of the runtime dashboard.
