# Runtime release notes (emc 2.1.0)
Update adding multi-tenancy support to the eMagiz Mendix Connector (emc).
## New features
- Added support for multi-instance deployments of the Mendix connector in multi-tenancy scenario's. Compared to non-multi-instance connectors, the following is changed:
  - Entry connector flows include the tenant name as a message header in every message send to the bus.
  - Exit connector flows connect to a tenant specific message queue when receiving messages from the bus.

# Portal release notes (7.4.0)
Release that adds multi-tenant support, and provides an easy and beautiful way to add integrations from the design phase to the create phase.
## New features
- In the create phase of the ILM, a new visual representation of the bus makes adding integrations from the design phase easy. From the bus processes, press "add integrations" to access this feature in order to add or remove integrations.
- Throughout the phases, multi-tenant support enables multiple tenants to integrate using the same system and its integrations, and having this visible in the bus design. Multi-tenancy has two flavours: 1. multiple tenants connect to the same connector, e.g. hosting a web service, 2. multiple instances of the same connector are run by multiple tenants. To use this new feature, the multi-tenant system has to be added from the capture phase.
## Major changes
- In the deploy phase of the ILM, deploying packages has been made easier from the packages screen. Deployment packages now know to which runtime(s) they should be deployed. This enables searching and filtering by runtime. In addition, if a package belongs to one runtime, it is no longer necessary to select a runtime to deploy the package to. By default, the newest deployment package now appears at the top of the list. To avoid confusion, packages can only be created when the testing environment is selected, as they will be ready for this environment only. (#190413)
## Minor changes
- In the manage phase of the ILM, when creating notification settings, the list of recipients to choose from is limited to easier select the right people to receive notifications.
- In the create phase of the ILM, when editing transformations, the position value of the substring function is checked to match expectations. (#187701)
- In the runtime dashboard, shorter names for the flows are displayed to easier select the right flows. (#153521)
- The bus dashboard is more beautiful. Instead of a status bar, progress per phase is now indicated by a speedometer as you would expect on a dashboard.
- In the create phase of the ILM, when removing a resource from a flow, the control questions specifies which flow is being removed, to ensure proper and easy control. (#192057)
- In the runtime dashboard, runtimes of eMagiz Mendix connectors are not displayed, to easier select the right runtimes. (#191784)
- In the community section, when asking a question, the input field is at the top now, instead of the search field. This should make asking a question easier. (#193936)
- Several minor UI changes, such as better centering of the main menu items and adjusted column ratios to better fit contents.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed: When opening a transformation for the first time, it is possible to select the root entity again. (#180877)
- Fixed: The wizard to publish web services in a flow that did not have web services from the start now works again. (#191348)
- Fixed: The search field for the latest versions of the deployment packages now also works for all environments.
- Fixed: Jetty server is now saved correctly when creating a new flow and canceling the edit screen. (#191636)
- Fixed: For legacy buses, the history of flows is visible again. (#193972)
## Remarks
- For a quick introduction to visual representations of the bus, use the "Help" function at the right bottom. In addition, check out our YouTube channel, which provides walkthroughs for some new functions, as well as a general overview of eMagiz. https://www.youtube.com/user/eMagizChannel
