Release that introduces the next iteration of the releases functionality in the Deploy ILM phase. Furthermore, architecture (Design phase) and AWS cloud setup (Deploy phase) are now tightly integrated. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Design - Architecture: Because the architecture is used to build automated (AWS) cloud environments and changes in the design can influence the virtual hardware in the Deploy phase, we now keep a history of all changes made to this design. It can be found in your bus by navigating to Design > Architecture > History (located on the right side of the menu).
- Deploy - Releases: The deployment plan, introduced last release, now also supports the first automated step: installing, stopping and starting of flows per container. On the runtime dashboard page, you can now not only see the deployment plan but also execute it by the press of a button. A simple wizard will then guide you through the steps one by one in the order you specified.
- Deploy - Releases: Based on your feedback, a new iteration of releases is now available with the following new features and improvements:
  - Added a filter for environments (top of the right panel). When switching environments (top left of the page), the filter automatically changes to match that environment. By changing the filter you can now see releases in other environments, making it very easy to compare for example the current release on acceptance with the one on production.
  - Buttons that have no effect (depending on the environment you are in) are no longer visible. For example, the "new release" button is now only visible in the testing environment, and the "approve for next environment" is no longer shown when already approved (you cannot approve twice) or on the production environment (there is no "next" environment on production).
  - A new filter to only show running releases has been added. Very useful in combination with the environment filter to quickly spot differences between environments.
  - The list of releases (right panel) is now using lazy-loading to improve the loading time when a bus has many releases. Scrolling down will cause more releases to be loaded on-demand.
## Major changes
- Design - Architecture: An 'apply bus settings' button has been added. This button applies the bus settings (e.g. failover yes/no) to the architecture per environment. Previously this was not possible, which resulted in all environments (testing, acceptance and production) to be identical at any moment. With this new functionality you can gradually update your environments one at a time.
- Design - Architecture: For buses running in our AWS cloud, the architecture now controls how the cloud slot is created. For example, adding a server to the design will actually create virtual hardware for you when you transfer this change from Design to Deploy. This transfer is triggered by clicking the "Transfer from design" button in your AWS cloud environment (Deploy phase). For existing buses it is important that you do NOT click this button if your architecture in Design is not yet correctly reflecting the actual cloud setup. Users of buses where this is the case will be contacted by us, and the architecture picture will be updated to match the actual cloud setup.
## Minor changes
- Deploy: In preparation of future (AWS cloud) additions, newly created runtimes can now automatically install all flows in the active release when first starting. This feature is disabled by default, which is indicated by "stateless: no" in the Deploy > Containers page. For now, only eMagiz can change this to 'yes' for certain early adopter buses.
- Design - Architecture: The 'toggle cloud' button has been removed. The architecture now uses the IaaS bus setting (AWS cloud, Root cloud or on-premises) to show the corresponding layout.
- Manage: The monitoring graphs for production environments were sometimes loading slow enough to cause timeout errors. This has been remedied by adding more server capacity, resulting in the graphs loading much faster than before. (#381218, 391905, 384427)
- Store: When importing store flows into an AMQP-based bus (for now only available to a select group of early adopter buses), HornetQ components are automatically converted to the corresponding AMQP components. This should make all existing store content compatible with new AMQP-based buses.
- Manage: The port check that is done as part of the 24/7 support service level has been changed, so it no longer causes a connection warning/error to be logged by HornetQ/Artemis every 5 minutes.
- Updated the eMagiz iPaaS portal to Mendix version 7.23.1. This fixes a problem where importing flows from the store would fail. (#405667, 410584)
- Community: Added a new section where we will publish release notes for the "build numbers" (the fourth number of a deployment package), explaining what the scope of the changes is. This allows you to check what features/fixes you are missing when still running older builds, and whether actively updating these older flows is good idea. These release notes can be found by navigating to Community > Release notes > Build numbers.
## Bug fixes
- Design - CDM: The tooltip for associations is no longer showing for only a fraction of a second. (#412628)
- Deploy - Releases: It is now possible to cancel the creation of a new release before entering a name. (#413660, 413648)
