Release that provides automated steps in the deployment plan in the Deploy phase. Furthermore, several quality-of-life improvements have been made. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## Major changes
- Deploy - Deployment plan: (#419137)
  - Improved numbering of steps
  - Option to skip steps
  - Besides manual steps, several types of automated steps can be added as well. Especially, you can configure steps to automatically install, stop, and start flows.
  - This feature is only available for buses that use releases. We encourage you to start using this feature as soon as possible, in order to avoid mistakes during important deployments.
## Minor changes
- Upgraded the portal to Mendix version 7.23.3. This solves several bugs, including one which resulted in rebooting the portal twice per week.
- Create - Bus processes: When resetting a flow, the name of the flow is shown in the confirmation pop-up, so you know which flow you are resetting. (#418095)
- Deploy - Releases: The name of the user that last edited a release, as well as the moment that it was done, can now be seen in the details screen. (#417427, 417094)
- Design - CDM: Improved the performance for big CDMs. This should avoid "Failed to fetch" errors. (#411902)
- Deploy - Releases: Added an option to export the list of flow versions to CSV from the details screen. (#421451)
- Deploy - AWS Cloud: If a slot is configured to go to stand-by, this is shown clearly at the top. (#419459)
- Deploy - Releases: When a release is no longer editable, the "Change version" button in the details screen is not shown.
- Manage - Alerting: For new buses, extra default alert triggers are generated, to better detect issues.
- Across the portal many texts have been improved.
## Bug fixes
- Deploy: You are no longer able to misuse the bus dashboard to access the Deploy phase when you should not have access to that phase. (#418921)
- Design - Message definitions: Avoiding a case where clicking on the import button multiple times would cause importing the message tree multiple times into the message (only visible in the mapping). (#421711)
## Remarks
- Build numbers now have a release notes section in Community-->Release notes. Version 38 of the build number has been released together with this version of the portal.
- We will be releasing new features more often. For the upcoming period, we plan to deploy a new release every 2 weeks, instead of every 4 weeks.
