Release with various improvements and fixes, and upgrades the portal to Mendix 6.5.1.
## New features
- In the flow designer, Jetty servers have a new option to use basic authentication.
- Deploy and Manage: Added the option to enter these phases with the production environment selected. By default this option is set so you enter the safest environment. Usually this is the testing environment. The option can be accessed from "My account" in Administration. (#190602)
## Major changes
- The portal has been upgraded to use Mendix 6. The statistics pages are the main place that this can be seen visually, as a new widget is used for the charts.
## Minor changes
- Several minor improvements, especially concerning tenants and the "Add integration" page.
- Capture: Added a tooltip on hovering the system types in the left-hand palette. (#195260)
- Deploy: For containers that run on an eMagiz 3.x runtime or an eMagiz-Mendix connector, added a message that a pre-configured runtime can not be downloaded for these runtimes. (#198882)
## Bug fixes
- Fixed that in some cases, deleting a Capture integration would not delete the Design integration. (#195772)
- Transformations: Fixed that StringValueTransformation position validation was applied to other types as well. (#195293)
- Manage: Fixed that in some cases it was not possible to select new tags when editing a trigger. (#197782, 198735)
- Manage: Fixed that it was not possible to select the runtimes to monitor when creating a new trigger. Please see the known issues for the other monitored objects. (#197015, 198734)
- Manage: Fixed that in some cases, incoming monitoring data of new buses was ignored by the portal (#196917)
- Administration: Fixed that when changing a technical contact, an error message appeared. (#198388)
## Known issues
- When editing a flow, do not use the back button of the browser. Especially not when any pop-up is open. This may lead to unexpected and undesired behaviour.
- When creating a new trigger based on data measurements, it is not possible to immediately select JMS queues, message channels, or message handlers. The workaround is to first create the trigger for "All objects" and save it. Then reopen the trigger to select the right objects to monitor.
