# Runtime release notes (emc 2.2.0)
Update adding two (advanced) configuration options to the eMagiz Mendix Connector.
## Minor changes
- The receive timeout for replies of synchronous flows is now configurable. The default is 20 seconds (which is the same value as was being used previously), but you can increase or decrease this timeout if required.
- The number of concurrent consumers (initial, maximum and idle limit) is now configurable on each exit connector. The default is 1 concurrent consumer (which is the same value as was being used previously), but you can increase this limit if required.

# Portal release notes (7.7.0)
Release that makes authentication settings within the bus using truststores and keystores (2-way SSL) much easier. In addition, it includes some minor improvements and fixes.
## New features
- For authentication within the bus, keystores and truststores can now automatically be generated and attached to flows that need them. For new buses, this will be applied automatically. For existing buses, this can be found in the Settings menu in the Create phase of the ILM. (#156166, 154439)
## Minor changes
- Upgraded the portal to Mendix 6.6
- Setting the request handler of the eMagiz Mendix connector is now easier (#194719)
  - Add possibility to edit the definition of the request handler form the edit-page directly. (#187551, 205306, 201350)
  - Avoiding an error that would occur when creating a deployment package while the request handler was not set. (#198976)
  - Editing a newly created request handler will now in the correct locked-state. (#194719)
- Adjusted scrollbars in the bus processes to no longer be hidden under the task panel. (#187346)
- Tenant systems can now be distinguished from normal systems when collapsed
## Bug fixes
- In the flat file to XML transformer, patterns that have the same start and end positions are now shown the way they are entered (#204618)
- Definitions: Missing build-in data types "boolean", "decimal", and "long" have been restored automatically in the cases this had not been done manually yet. (#205249)
- Fixed a bug that would not allow some pages to be saved.
  - SSL web service message sender (#205818)
  - Web service message receiver servlet (#206007)
  - SSL select channel connector (#208000)
  - (S)FTP(S) caching session factories
- Flow designer: Fixed that after searching in the palette and closing the search, it was not possible to drag items from the main palette anymore. (#208487)
- Flow designer: For routers, channels are now shown correctly again. (#199919, 206108, 200283)
## Known issues
- Definitions and transformations: Do not move attributes from one entity in a definition to another entity if the definition is already used in a transformation! This will break the transformation when updating it. We are working on several potential solutions for this issue, without having to disable this move completely.
