# Runtime release notes (emc 2.2.1)

First maintenance release in the eMagiz Mendix Connector 2.2.x line.
## Bug fixes
- Solved a problem where asynchronous entry connectors could fail to acknowledge the successful delivery of a message. In extremely high load environments where the same entry connector would be called multiple times concurrently, this could lead to errors and possibly duplicate messages.

# Portal release notes (7.9.0)
Release of three major features:
1. Easily define your Architecture in the Design phase of the ILM.
2. Use the Store to quickly reuse existing content, patterns, and best practices.
3. Create annotations to document design decisions in your flows.
In addition, the release includes several improvements to content transformation in both the design (CDM and message designer) and create phase (transformations and definitions).
## New features
- Annotations. In the flow designer, create a note right in your flow to make sure whoever needs it can find your design decisions. Whether it is a complex, hard-to-understand construction that needs an explanation, or a todo-note to clean up a quick workaround, an annotation will help to grasp the idea of your models. This is also ideal when publishing flows to the brand new Store: use annotations to provide instructions to the users of your content.
- Architecture. Design the architecture of your solution in the Design phase of the ILM. Model which containers will run on which servers by simple drag n drop. Choose for cloud or on premises. Document your decisions visually and communicate them to your stakeholders clearly and easily.
- Store. Publish reusable content in the Store, and use content created by others. Best-practice flows and resources, complete CDMs, and re-usable connectors are just some examples of what may be in store for you. Visit the Store to see what is available, and feel free to contribute. You choose whether you share your content with the rest of the community (Public store) or keep it within your company store.
## Minor changes
- Upgraded the eMagiz portal to use Mendix 6.8.1
- CDM designer: Manually order attributes. It is now possible to re-order attributes within an entity. Just open the entity and use the up/down buttons on a selected attribute. (#215990)
- CDM designer: Multi-select is now available to move multiple entities at the same time. To choose multiple entities, either click and hold the mouse to drag a selection box, or use ctrl+click.
- Message designer: Single-click entities and attributes to add/remove them in your message is now made clear with an +/- icon when you hover over them.
- Message designer: Whether an entity or attribute is optional or not is now indicated in the message tree.
- CDM designer: Automatically center the view on the root of a message when you select it to the right.
## Bug fixes
- Previously when creating a bus with failover, it was necessary to manually change the SSL key- and truststore settings to make it work correctly in the eMagiz 4 (OSGi) runtime. This has been fixed and failover for new buses will now work out-of-the-box. For existing failover buses you should let eMagiz re-create your JMS servers, create new deployment packages for your entire bus and redeploy all flows. Be aware that for failover buses running on version 3 of the runtime you should not update the JMS servers, unless you want to migrate to version 4 of the runtime.
- Transformations and definitions: Optional value is now updated correctly when choosing output of a required field (#178045)
- Transformations and definitions: Fixed prefixes not showing up in several cases (#180430)
- Notifications: Fixed that recipients could only be selected with a workaround. (#216009)
- MxConnector: Generated namespace no longer contains "null" if the message bus settings have not been filled yet. (#215968)
- Transformations and definitions: Generated description for transformations is now the right way round. (#218276)
