# Runtime release notes (emc 5.0.3)
Third maintenance release in the eMagiz 5.0.x line. This release fixes several startup and shutdown related issues.
## Bug fixes
- The lock file is now stored in the data directory. This enables proper EFS locking in the AWS cloud.
- A datadir revision file is introduced. This can be used to identify differences between (versions of) data directories and the runtimes using it.
- Fixed the issue where, in specific cases, having two versions of the same flow might cause auto-startup to skip starting of the flow altogether. This was especially problematic if the flow in question was the infra flow, making it impossible to control the runtime from the iPaaS portal.
- Fixed clearing of auto-started flows, when the runtime was given the shutdown command immediately after starting. This should solve a rare issue where after a restart the runtime would not start any flows, making it impossible to control the runtime from the iPaaS portal.
- The startup process of the runtime will now stop when the runtime is given the shutdown command. Previously, the startup process would still continue when attempting a shutdown during startup, resulting in unexpected behaviour.

# Portal release notes (8.1.0)
Release that adds two additional visualizations of the bus in the Deploy phase of the ILM: a (cloud) architecture view, and a deployment process view. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Deploy: A new visualization of the (cloud) architecture is available. You can see the architecture of your (cloud) environment. At the bottom of the screen, you can transfer the architecture from the Design phase of the ILM to the Deploy phase. You can apply it independently for testing, acceptance, and production environments. If an eMagiz cloud infrastructure is used, it will display the differences between the current setup and the desired situation. The desired situation can be applied automatically with the press of a button (at the bottom). In addition for AWS slots, you can now use the context menu (right mouse button) to execute all actions previously available from the "AWS Cloud"-screen, making that screen deprecated. This additional update in our series of improvements to the Deploy phase should make control of your (cloud) environment much more easy and intuitive.
- Deploy: A new visualization of the deployment process can be used from the Release screen. If you have setup your deployment plan, you can now execute it and visually follow the progress. To do so, open the drop-down menu for the release you want to deploy, and press "Deploy". The wizard will guide you through each step of your deployment plan, for an easy and safe deployment. Note that by using a deployment plan not only will your release be installed automatically, but also stopping and starting of flows can be automated.
## Minor changes
- Deploy - History: When using releases or the deployment plan, actions are being tracked. This allows you to see the activity on your testing, acceptance and production environments of your bus in the Deploy phase. For now, the history includes only actions related to releases and to executing a deployment plan.
- Design - Architecture: The right-side panel show the amount of available resources (machines sizes).
- Design - Architecture: The architecture settings can be exported to PDF. This includes the sizing as recommended by eMagiz, and as designed currently. Use the button at the right bottom for this.
- Deploy - Properties: Added a menu at the left side to show the history in a more beautiful way than a pop-up.
- Upgraded the portal to Mendix 7.23.4.
- Improved (help)texts across the portal. (#430333)
- Deploy - Containers: The flows that should run a container can now be "multi-selected" so that more than one can be removed at the same time.
## Bug fixes
- Design - Settings: Changing the settings, especially increasing amount of containers and/or JMS servers used, without applying them to any environment, could lead to issues when going to Create the first time, or when trying to transfer these settings to Create. This will now be detected, and the attempt prevented.
## Known issues
- Manage - Alerting: Currently, the notifications screen does not show any notifications, even if they exist. The notifications themselves work, and should arrive at the email address(es) configured.
## Remarks
- Deploy - Architecture: Multi-instance tenants are not yet shown correctly. They will show up, however in an unexpected manner. This is purely visual, and should not have functional effects.
