Release that focuses on improving the user eXperience in the Deploy phase. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## Major changes
- When deploying to the eMagiz AWS Cloud, the initial creation of the cloud slot no longer needs any interaction from eMagiz administrators. Instead, provided that your bus was assigned enough cloud resources in design, the first time you click "update AWS" the slot will be created automatically.
- Deploy - Releases: Many changes and improvements to the deployment plan:
- Added a new filter option that allows you to show or hide the runtimes that are not going to be affected by the deployment.
- In the new panel on the right, a real-time view with the most recent log entries of the bus is shown. Double clicking a log entry shows more details, identical to how this works in the manage phase. The "error", "warning" and "info" labels in the header can be clicked to filter the log entries shown in this panel.
- Before executing a step in the deployment plan, eMagiz checks if any properties are missing for that runtime. If any are missing, you will now be given the opportunity to fix this "on the spot" without having to abort your deployment.
- Multiple small updates and fixes in the styling and user interface.
## Minor changes
- Deploy - Releases: Added new button "transfer from create" to the bottom bar. This button performs the same action as the refresh button of the create phase, but should be more consistent with how transferring between the other ILM phases works.
- Deploy - Architecture:
  - Added double click behaviour as a shortcut to perform the "default" action from the context menu (displayed in bold).
  - Multiple improvements and fixes in how the bus architecture is shown and where components are positioned. (#432279)
- Design - Architecture: Added "hover" behaviour that highlights the relationship between runtimes. This is particularly useful to quickly spot runtimes that are deployed more than once and to see live/backup pairs.
- Added a deprecation message to the deploy phase of buses that have not yet switched to using releases, to warn users that those pages will be removed in the near future.
- Changed the calculation of the daily data usage limit for error messages: this limit is now capped to 1000 error messages per day. This change does not affect existing buses.
- When generating an XSD from a message definition fails for some reason, the error message now contains more information about the cause, hopefully aiding in locating and fixing the problem.
## Bug fixes
- When changing the target namespace of an XML message definition, existing transformations using that definition did not always update accordingly. This has been fixed.
