Release that adds new options to data pipelines. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- In the flow designer, data pipelines have new options for writing the output data to remote (flat) files on FTP, FTPS and SFTP servers.
## Major changes
- In the deploy phase the deprecated 'AWS cloud' menu option has been removed in favour of the new 'Architecture' page that replaces it. All remaining functionality that was present on the old page that was not yet available on the new page has been added to the context menu (right mouse click) of the 'Architecture' page. Your only option might be to "Apply to Architecture" the first time you use this page. This means, your Design Architecture still needs to be applied to the Deploy Architecture before any other actions can be executed. Please check if the Architectures match, and then press apply.
- Changes and improvements when deploying a release:
  - If a runtime crashes during a deployment step, the system will detect this and give you the option to retry the step after you have solved the problem.
  - The length of the log messages shown in the right panel is limited to prevent large message from taking up too much space. To read the full message, you can double click the log entry.
  - The log filter visually shows what filters are applied.
  - A new filter option has been added to filter the deployment steps that are being shown in the left panel by their status (to do, doing, done).
## Minor changes
- Updated infographic that explains the architecture in the Deploy phase: now it also explains new features, such as machine sizing.
- Added a new infographic, explaining how the architecture in the Deploy phase is used to control your cloud environments.
- When using AWS cloud, properties for the host names and port numbers of AMQP/JMS connections in your bus are automatically generated.
- Optimizations in the solution design which improve the performance and loading time of that page. Specifically in large buses this should be a noticeable improvement.
- Added an option to copy deployment plans from one environment to another. Doing this will copy all deployment steps, completely replacing the deployment plan (if there was one) in the destination environment.
## Bug fixes
- Fixed in hotfix 8.3.1 on 2019-06-19:
  - Added missing operations on runtime level to Deploy Architecture, such as the option to reset a runtime. (#440416)
  - Manage - statistics: Corrected hour interval for 13:00-14:00 (#440093)
  - Deploy - Releases: When going back form the debugger to the previous page, you no longer end up in the old menu structure. (#439643)
