Release that makes (re)deploying runtimes much easier, as they now install and start all their flows when they are started up empty. Furthermore, several components were added to the flow designer that enable you to mix data pipelines with messaging. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Flow designer: For data pipelines, four new components are available, which allow you to go back to the (message) flow after a job or step finishes execution.
## Major changes
- Deploy: All runtimes that start up empty will install and start all their flows, so you do not have to this manually. In the past, runtimes would only get their infra-flow. This way of starting up occurs on empty runtimes: those which are new, were reset (AWS Cloud), or whose data folder was cleared (on-premises). This does not apply to buses that are not yet using releases.
## Minor changes
- Deployment plan:
  - When starting a release, irrelevant steps are automatically skipped, so it is even quicker and easier to deploy.
  - The logging is filtered by the container of the step being executed, so it is easier to see what is happening.
  - The logging can be filtered by the level (error, warning, info)
- Deploy - Releases: In specific cases where the data is wrong, the page is no longer left empty, but instead will show only the correct data. The wrong data is skipped, and you will be provided with a message to indicate what it was.
- Message designer: Easily toggle whether an attribute is optional or required with a single click, instead of using "Edit attribute" in a pop-up.
## Bug fixes
- Manage - Statistics: Several selection options are alphabetical again, instead of by creation date, making it easier to find the right option. (#441586)
## Known issues
- Whenever you leave a statistics page with data in it to the top-right items (Store, Community, Administration), you will get an error. The error is not harmful and can be ignored. If you get errors in any other situations, please let us know, using the feedback button.
