Release that provides extensive, searchable documentation in the community section. Furthermore, the Deploy phase has major updates. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## New features
- Documentation: In the community section (top right), portal documentation is available. This includes an introduction to core integration concepts, several How Tos, and much more. Especially, a searchable complete reference guide to the flow designer component, should help you find just the right component for your use case. Feedback from the community is welcome. For the techies, you can make a pull request at https://github.com/emagiz/emdocs/ . For all others, please use the feedback button to the right.
## Major changes
- Design - Architecture: Containers and Machines can be excluded from memory calculations and the Deploy phase. This should provide a more accurate view of the current setup.
## Minor changes
- AWS Cloud: Updating your environment (e.g. to the newest available templates) is much easier. When accessing an environment that needs updating, you will get specific guidance. Especially, double lane deployments can now be easily done. In most cases, even without any downtime.
- Deploy - Architecture: New help is available. Press "Help" at the right bottom, for an explanation of the Architecture screen.
- AWS Cloud: Release notes for the different templates are available in Community Release notes. This helps you to decide when to update.
- Deploy - Architecture: For the Root Cloud, several minor improvements should lead to a better combination with the new architecture screen.
- AWS Cloud: We now support extra extra large (2XL) machines in the AWS Cloud. However, if you are at the point that the portal advises these, please consider if the architecture should not be improved first.
- Create/Deploy: Several changes to the error message processing should lead to more stability and improved performance. Most visible of these changes is an improved best practice for the error flow in your bus. This no longer handles several (long) deprecated formats, but also strips away the unnecessary headers. We encourage you to update the error flow of your bus as soon as possible. If you have made no manual changes, this can simple be done with "Reset flow" from the context menu (right click on your error process). Any new buses will have the new best practice from the start.
- Flow designer: Deprecated Tracking interceptors.
- Design - Architecture: The export to PDF is more beautiful.
- Deployment plan: Flow names in the left panel are shorter, so you can have a better overview.
- Deploy - Architecture: The Design Architecture is automatically transferred to Deploy when you enter the Architecture page there. This will immediately show you the difference between Design and Deploy. You still have the power to apply it yourself.
- Deployment plan: Log entries shown at the right, will be cleared when the next step is started. In addition, you can filter on the level of the log entries.
- AWS Cloud: New templates are available. Check their release notes (Community --> Documentation), and see why you should update to them as soon as possible. Please be aware, that several (portal) features might not be available if the templates are not up to date.
- Deploy - Releases and Deployment plan: Improved the performance for large buses.
- Deployment plan: Steps that are not relevant (for example, installing already installed flows) will be skipped automatically, so you can deploy quicker.
- Capture and Design: Improved performance of the bus visualizations, especially for larger buses.
- Create/Deploy: Several changes to Artemis based JMS server flows should lead to more stability and improved performance. Most visible of these changes is the usage of the new "no-op JMS header mapper" support object and the removal of the message tracking bridge. We encourage you to update the (Artemis) JMS server flow(s) of your bus as soon as possible. Assuming you have made no manual changes, simply select "Reset flow" from the context menu (right click the light green area of your bus in the create phase). Any new buses will have the new best practice from the start.
## Bug fixes
- Manage - Notifications and notification settings: Fixed the issue where you could not see the notifications at all, and editing the notification settings had several difficulties, such as being unable to change the external recipients. (#445730, 445496, 444592, 442972)
- Deploy - Architecture: Fixed several issues that would occur when you switched from double lane to single lane and then back to double lane.
## Known issues
- Deployment plan: In some very specific cases, empty pop-ups are shown. This seems to be caused by the log entries not showing up properly. The deployment process can still continue. If you know how exactly to reproduce this, please let us know through the feedback button.
