Release that further increases security. Furthermore, performance has been improved. In addition, this release tackles some minor issues and includes many other improvements, many of which come from user feedback.
## New features
- Multi-factor authentication (MFA) using the Google Authenticator app can be configured for your eMagiz account. Next release, this will be used to confirm your claimed identity before you get access to highly sensitive production environments. For example, if somebody managed to get hold of your password, they will still not be able to impersonate you. For now, you can already configure the app on your phone by following the instructions under 'Administation > My account > MFA'. You will not be asked to enter any codes yet however, until (next release) the bus contact changes their bus settings to require MFA. (#417723)
## Minor changes
- Updated the 'favicon' of the eMagiz iPaaS portal
- After one hour of inactivity, your user session will expire and you have to sign in again. Together with the introduction of multi-factor authentication, this improves security of the eMagiz portal even further.
- Screens of the notification settings are updated. (#444529)
- For AWS cloud, connectors can be configured to have a fixed IP. While this is required for certain (legacy) systems, we discourage its use and it comes at increased costs. Please contact your partner manager if you need this.
- The history in Deploy now includes many of the actions you can do from the Architecture screen. For example, it is now recorded if you restart a runtime there. (#417094)
- The core of the iPaaS is upgraded to improve performance and availability under high load.
- For releases in Deploy, the performance of the pages is improved, especially for large buses.
- In Design, when exporting the Architecture to PDF, the document is more beautiful and useful: it now includes a visualization of the architecture.
- In the deployment plan, the side bar is a tiny bit bigger. That is easier for the eye and to work with. It provides you with a better overview, as less vertical space is needed. (#446851)
- On statistics pages, a warning will be displayed if the data limit for those metrics has been reached. (#447713)
- When showing missing properties while deploying, every unique property (property name + runtime) will be shown only once. This used to be once per flow that needed it. (#444922)
- When setting a release as the active releases, the flows will be checked for missing properties. This helps to avoid starting up a smart runtime with properties missing. (#442976)
- Across the portal several (help) texts have been improved (#446297)
## Bug fixes
- Paging buttons on the alerts overview page are behaving correctly again. In addition, the Alerts are sorted with the latest alert on top. (#446231, 447548, 446085)
- The error messages overview is showing the shortened exception names again. The fully-qualified Java class names are still visible on the details page (double click).
- Fixed that in specific cases, linking an annotation to flow components would show an error pop-up. (#444077)
- Fixed that, in a specific case, the deployment plan shows empty error messages. (#446742, 444958, 443642, 448924, 436998)
