Release that adds new features to the Deploy phase of the ILM . Furthermore, performance in the first three phases has been improved. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## Minor changes
- Deployment plan: You insert a new step below a selected step, so you can easily place a step near the start of the plan. (#449716)
- Deployment plan: Create a default deployment plan with a single click. Be aware that this will clear all existing steps. Also note that the default deployment plan is really that: default. You probably want to tailor it to your specific needs. The default deployment steps use new features (see below), which - if you do not change this - requires your bus to run infra flows with build number 45 (or higher).
- Deployment plan: Two new options are available when installing. Immediately after a flow has been installed, you can: 1. Start the flow , 2. Uninstall other versions of the flow. By combining both options, you can limit the amount of memory required during a deployment. The situation where all flows have two versions installed is avoided. Please be aware that these new options will only work if your infra flow has the latest build number (45).
- Across the portal several (help) texts and styling have been improved
- Flow designer: For the SFTP caching session factory, the default server alive interval has been changed to 30000ms. While a best practice in general, it especially applies to the SFTP server of eMagiz Services. As this is the new default, this is only applied if you add it as a new component to a flow. Existing components have not been touched. You may want to do this manually, if it applies to your SFTP server.
- Capture, Design, and Create: Improved performance of loading pages accessed through the main menu.
- Deploy - Architecture: For AWS, a "last known state" is now available. You can use this to see the progress of changes to machines. It can be found in the details pop-up.
## Bug fixes
- Deploy - Packages: Fixed that in specific cases the name of a (old) flow would not be shown. (#450312, 450350)
- Create - Flow designer: Fixed that the steps of the Job component looked editable even if they were not. (#452847)
- Deploy - Releases: Adjusted the pop-up for outdated flows, so that the last flows are also visible in case of many outdated flows. (#452300)
- Deploy - Architecture: For AWS, fixed that you had to press "Apply to environment" an extra time to update the connectivity settings.
- Deploy - Architecture: Excluded machines will not show up in Deploy, which could happen if a new machine was immediately excluded before going to Deploy.
- Deploy - Releases: Fixed that you could not change versions of a flow, if its only change was a different version number.
- Deploy - Architecture: For AWS cloud, is is possible to manually add certificates again.
