Release that upgrades the Kafka components. Furthermore, executing a deployment plan is easier. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.
## Major changes
- Flow designer: The Kafka components are much easier to use. You can fill in the settings directly, instead of looking up key-value pairs, to configure them. In addition, each of the settings has elaborate help texts, and the settings have been grouped according to functionality.
## Minor changes
- Deployment plan: You can now "Play" the plan at the press of a button. The steps will automatically be executed. If a step is not successful or a manual step is required, execution is stopped. After this, you can press "Play" again to continue from the next, unfinished step.
- Deploy - Releases: When creating a new release, you will be helped to determine a suitable version number. While you are still free to manually change version numbers from the dropdown menu, we encourage and help you to follow semantic versioning (SemVer, https://semver.org/).
- Deploy - Releases: Simply open the details of a release by double clicking it.
- Deploy - Releases: Releases are sorted by creation date (newest at the top), instead of by version number.
## Bug fixes
- Manage - Statistics: Fixed that going from 14:00-15:00 to the next hour required manual selection instead of using the "next"-button. (#455437)
- Deploy - Architecture: For AWS cloud, is is possible to manually add certificates (again).
## Known issues
- File payload of large error messages from before this release cannot be downloaded anymore. The remainder of their data is available from the portal (for example exception message and message history). This does not affect (new) error messages coming in since this release.
- Links to the portal in alert emails no longer work, and have been removed from new error message notifications.
## Remarks
- While it might not be very noticeable in the user interface, this release includes a major change in portal. The architecture of the Deploy and Manage phases is more robust. In addition, this allows us to release easier in future and makes our deployments less service affecting.
