Release that increases robustness of the infrastructure. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.

Minor changes
- Manage - Notification settings: When editing or viewing the description, more of it is visible without having to scroll the field itself. (#465688)
- Deploy - Releases: When selecting a new version of a flow through the Release details screen, the description and creation date of the currently selected version is shown. (#465322)

Bug fixes
- Deploy - Properties: When trying to save a property that already exists for a runtime, you get a more user-friendly message (#466792)
- Deploy - Properties: When editing a cron trigger property, the icon to generate one aligns properly again. (#465370)
- Design - Architecture: Fixed an issue that would occur in specific situation where the approval validation was too strict when applying the architecture to the AWS cloud.
- Design - Architecture: Fixed an issue where in a very specific situation a container in Design would be removed unexpectedly.

Remarks
- With this release, an important part of our infrastructure was upgraded to improve availability in future. The upgrade led to several log entries in customer buses at approximately 05:30 UTC (6:30 CET), as they could not connect to our infrastructure for a short moment. While operational message flows were not affected, in some specific cases, JMS servers did not re-establish their connection for the runtime dashboard in Deploy. This is resolved by restarting the JMS server.