Release that provides a clearer way to transfer a flow from the Create to Deploy phase of the ILM. In addition, doing (production) deployments has been made easier as you can toggle all alerting off and on with a single button. In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.

Major changes
- Create & Deploy: From the flow designer in Create, you can transfer your flow to the Deploy phase of the ILM. This new "Transfer to deploy" button can be found on the (bottom) toolbar of the flow designer. From now on, this is the preferred way to transfer versions of flows that are ready to be deployed. Flow versions transferred in this way are automatically added to "Create phase release" in Deploy. In the nearby future, this functionality will completely replace the "Refresh Create phase release" action in Deploy. This should make the process of transferring from Create to Deploy clearer, easier, and more controlled.

Minor changes
- Deploy - Deployment history can be exported to Excel (#508760)
- Deploy - Deployment plan: When creating a deployment plan, we advise to include steps to turn off triggers at the start, and turn them on again at the end. As this is now possible with the press of a single button from Manage>Alerting>Triggers, you may want to update the description of your steps, if you have added it previously already. These steps are automatically included if you make a new default deployment plan.
- Data pipelines: When a Redshift COPY SQL statement fails, the status is not considered as completed anymore. Details are available from the build number release notes.
- Textual changes across the portal. For example, we are replacing the word "bus" in many places, as we provide many other integration models as well.
- Upgraded the infrastructure of the iPaaS: The app serving runtimes has been upgraded to Mendix 8.

Bug fixes
- Permissions: The history of changes to the permissions includes the complete data in case of long user names now.