Release that handles several user feedback items. In addition, this release includes some other improvements and tackles a couple of minor issues.

Minor changes
- Manage - Triggers: The selected objects to monitor in a trigger are sorted alphabetically, so it is easier to find the right ones. (#471131)
- Across the portal, several text have been improved.
- Deploy - Containers: It is now possible to remove infra flows from containers if you have (accidentally) added them. It is not possible to remove the last infra flow. Please be aware that adding and removing flows from a container is an advanced function and should always be done with care and attention. (#464282)
- Create - Flow designer: In Qpid connection factories, hosts are sorted in the screen, so you can see the results of "swap order".

Bug fixes
- Manage - Notification settings: Limited the set of recipients that can be selected from. (#470801)
- Create - Flow designer: Update to the documentation on the JDBC driver. (#472499)
- Create - Flow designer: For Mendix systems, the generated onramps will have "Extract payload" of the JMS Inbound Gateway set to "true" for the eMagiz-Mendix Connector to work correctly. (#471626)
- Manage - Statistics: Message Channel statistics show the mean error-to-success ratio at the most detailed level again.
- Manage - Tags: Fixed that an error message would show if you searched for something that included a space (other than at the end).

Known issues
- Manage - Tags: It is currently possible to remove default generated tags. Do NOT do so. Doing so will cause unexpected behavior, causing you to potentially miss issues in your bus. In a future version, the option to delete those tags will be blocked.