Release that greatly improves the loading of statistics in the Manage phase of the ILM. Furthermore, you can check whether any release is still missing its properties . In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.

Major changes
- Manage - Statistics: Runtime and queue statistics load much faster, thanks to a change in infrastructure for statistics. This is especially noticeably when zooming out and looking at older data, which should now load consistently. When going back in time, the change in infrastructure may lead to some graphs showing data differently than you were used to, as some extra detail is available. (#460027)

Minor changes
- Deploy - Releases: For any release, you can now check whether all properties for it are filled in already. This is mainly useful when you are preparing for a deployment, and you want to know which values you still need to fill in. (#471071)
- Manage - Alerting: The overview of notification settings shows whether external recipients were added, so you can easily find those cases. (#474078)
- Manage - Statistics: The first (and often only) runtime containing queues is selected automatically when looking at queue statistics.
- Create - Settings: When transferring (JMS) connection settings, only flows that are actually changed will have their version number increased.
- Deploy - Cloud: For Root Cloud machines, memory settings can now be set manually in addition to using recommended values. This is an expert level option. We advise to use recommended values, unless you have a very specific case, know what you are doing, and pay attention carefully.
- Across the portal, several minor usability tweaks.
- Design - Definitions: More information is provided when an imported XSD is not valid when transferring it to Create.
- Upgraded the portal to Mendix 7.23.9

Bug fixes
- Deploy - Properties: When pressing "Cancel" on a newly created property, it will not show up in the grid anymore.
- Manage - Alerting: Automatically generated tags that are necessary for specific functionality to work (e.g. alerting for data limits) cannot be deleted anymore.

Remarks
- The large change in the core of our infrastructure that was announced is postponed, as our tests indicate a potential issue for certain legacy buses. This change is now planned for January 10th 2020.