Release adding integrated unit testing of flows in the Create phase. Furthermore, you can easily find unused properties (so you can clean them up). In addition, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.

New features
- Create - Unit Tests: Test your flows in Create! Asynchronous onramps and offramps can now be tested in the Create phase without having to deploy them to your bus. To set this up, add test messages to your integrations in the Capture phase, then use "Configure Tests" in the bottom bar of the Flow Designer in Create. You can add the test messages to the start and end points of your flow by dragging them from the left side bar. Then create a new test and select the desired message on each of the applicable components. When the test is setup, you can run it and see the result at each step. To use this feature, your bus must be using AMQP in Create.

Major changes
- Deploy - Properties: Find unused properties in your bus easily. Just press "Find unused" on the properties screen. This will compare the required properties of your release with all the properties that have been created, so you can quickly see which ones are not in use currently.

Minor changes
- Deploy - Architecture: In edit mode, an extra option is available to quickly access flows running in the container and see their last known state. Be sure to press Refresh to update to the current state.
- Upgraded the portal to Mendix 7.23.10

Bug fixes
- Deploy - Runtime dashboard: Buttons now have the same order on production as on acceptance. (#476684)

Remarks
- Our infrastructure had a major upgrade. This should provide better performance, higher availability, and scalability towards the future. For any buses that are still using the deprecated HornetQ JMS server, we have put a temporary proxy in place. Please contact us before migrating to Artemis, so we can move you away from the proxy (your runtime dashboard will not function with Artemis otherwise).