Release that further automates deployments using the Deployment Plan. Besides that, availability of statistics is further improved. Lastly, this release includes several other improvements and tackles some minor issues.

Minor changes
- Deploy - Deployment plan: Less human interaction is required when running a Deployment Plan. It will execute smoother as it will not show a pop-up when a step takes a long time, but rather allows you to determine if you would like to skip a step.
- Across the eMagiz Portal, several texts have been improved.
- Manage - Statistics: an improved storage process of metrics has been implemented that provides better resistance to peak loads. This should lead to even better availability of the statistics.

Bug fixes
- Manage - Code mappings: Selecting a system when copying a system code is possible again on other than the first page. (#487238)
- Manage - Code mappings: CDM codes that are more than four months old had a duplicate value for every system code. This potentially resulted too many CDM codes. Whilst the code mappings would still work in an operational manner, this would slow down the process of editing and creating new mappings. The duplicates have now been merged. For cases with many system code mappings, associated screens should work more performant now. (#486669, 487142)
- Deploy - Properties: The unused properties functionality has been improved if the bus has more than 1000 properties.

Remarks
- Potentially, you have earlier access to the metrics than the alerting system now. As a side effect, alerts may come in later than the moment when you see a threshold is exceeded in the Monitoring graphs. We plan to update the alerting system soon too, to fully align the timing of the alerting and the graphs again.