Update adding Spring 4 support (including Spring 2 compatibility), as well as several user interface improvements.
## New features
- Multi-selection is now supported for the actions 'start', 'stop', 'toggle auto-start' and 'delete'. To better support you when making (large) selections, we've also added new search options and 'select/deselect all' buttons to the overview. The validations are also changed accordingly: when starting multiple flows for example, the connector will check if the end result is a valid combination of flows before attempting to start them. (#278758, 181338)
- Added consistency checks when toggling auto-start. Previously you could enable auto-start on any combination of flows, even "invalid" combinations such as multiple versions of the same flow or entry flows without a request handler. Now the connector will first check if the full set of auto-start enabled flows is a valid combination, otherwise it will not change anything and let you know why. Note that for backwards compatibility with existing connectors that have an invalid auto-start configuration, during Mendix startup this validation is skipped to ensure the same behaviour after updating. The first time you try to change anything in the user interface however, you'll first have to fix the issues.
- When uploading new configurations, you can now choose to have 'auto-start' enabled for all newly imported flows by default. If any imported configurations are different versions of existing ones, 'auto-start' on those existing configurations will automatically be disabled.
## Major changes
- Similar to the standard eMagiz runtime, the eMagiz Mendix Connector has been upgraded to run on Spring 4. For backwards compatibility with (older) existing buses that are still running Spring 2 flows, the connector now also includes the "compatibility mode" feature. This mode is automatically enabled when the rest of the bus is running in compatibility mode too, as configured by the 'emagiz.extension.spring2.compatibility' property.
## Minor changes
- Pressing any of the action buttons (start, stop, etc) no longer clears your selection.
- Included beautiful eMagiz icons that you can use in (for example) the navigation menu of your Mendix app. (#123916)
## Remarks
- Running the connector in the Mendix cloud, or with cloud security emulation enabled, will provide a warning at startup that a Java property cannot be retrieved. It is not harmful, as the component will fallback to the default value. The warning mentions: access denied ("java.util.PropertyPermission" "hornetq.enforce.maxreplica" "read").
