Release adding Testing/Acceptance/Production environment separation to the eMagiz Mendix Connector, and making it possible to monitor the health of the connector in eMagiz iPaaS.
## New features
- The eMagiz Mendix Connector now sends a monitoring message to eMagiz iPaaS every minute, just like the full eMagiz runtime, enabling you to monitor the health of the connector in eMagiz iPaaS. Note that due to security constraints when running within a Mendix App, the monitoring behaves slightly different compared to the full eMagiz runtime:
  - The CPU usage graph will actually show the system load average (multiplied by 100), which in most circumstances is a reasonable approximation.
  - The "virtual memory committed" metric is unavailable (the graph will show '-1').
  - To prevent disk space issues, the connector will not use paging when the queue containing the monitoring messages is full. In practice this means that the connector will only buffer the first 24 hours (approximately) of monitoring data when the connection to the message bus is unavailable.
## Major changes
- The eMagiz Mendix Connector now "knows" which environment (testing, acceptance or production) it is part of, enabling our iPaaS to differentiate between those correctly. Older versions of the connector will still work correctly for now, but upgrading is recommended to be future-proof. Compared to the previous versions, the following has changed:
  - The (required) constant "JvmName" has been replaced with "eMagizRuntimeName" + "eMagizRuntimeEnvironment". If previously your JVM name was "mybus.connector.myapp-test", your runtime name should now be "mybus.connector.myapp" and the environment should be "test".
  - The (optional) constants "SaasWsUsername", "SaasWsPassword", and "SaasWsUrl" have been renamed to "eMagizCustomerUsername", "eMagizCustomerPassword", and "eMagizWsUrl" respectively. The (customer) username/password that was previously only used for eMagiz iPaaS web service authentication is now used for all authentication with eMagiz iPaaS, including the JMS connections and OSGi repository access. The new names of these settings better reflect this.
  - All communication from the eMagiz Mendix Connector to eMagiz iPaaS now uses version 2.0 of the message definitions (previously version 1.0). If you created any custom message flows that handle eMagiz error, JMX, or configuring messages, you might have to update them slightly. If you want to update an existing eMagiz bus and are using the default (unaltered) error process, you'll have to delete it and let it auto-generate again.
## Minor changes
- When an exit connector flow sends an error message to eMagiz iPaaS, it will now append itself to the message history of that message. Previously the last entry of the message history in these cases seemed to be the offramp process leading to the exit connector, which was a bit confusing.
